454 g/4 cups whole kumquats 395 g/2 cups granulated sugar 456 g/2 cups water	Cut the kumquats crosswise into 1/4-in/6-mm rounds, discarding the stems and seeds. Cut a piece of parchment paper into a round that is the same diameter as a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan. In the saucepan over medium heat, combine the sugar and water and bring to a boil, stirring with a wooden spoon until the sugar dissolves. Add the kumquat slices, cover with the parchment, and weight down with a nonreactive heatproof plate. Reduce the heat until the liquid is gently simmering, then cook until the kumquat slices are tender and translucent, 30 to 45 minutes (the liquid should register about 230°F/100°C on an instant-read thermometer). Remove from the heat and, using a slotted spoon, transfer the candied kumquats to a heatproof container and ladle syrup over the fruit just to cover; discard any remaining syrup or save for sweetening cocktails. (The syrup will keep, refrigerated, for up to 1 month.) Let the kumquat slices cool completely in the syrup, then refrigerate for up to 1 month.
1 1/2 pound brisket (from point or flat end) Vegetable oil (for grilling)	Freeze brisket until frozen solid in the center, at least 8 hours. Let brisket stand at room temperature 2 hours. Slice brisket 1/8" thick. Meanwhile, prepare grill for high heat; oil grate. Grill brisket until lightly charred, about 1 minute per side for medium-rare.
1 qt chilled fresh orange juice 1 qt chilled cranberry cocktail	Stir together orange and cranberry juices in a large pitcher. Pour into glasses filled with ice.
1 1/2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed and halved lengthwise 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil 1 teaspoon caraway seeds	Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Toss Brussels sprouts with oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a bowl until well coated. Transfer to a large 4-sided sheet pan in 1 layer and roast 10 minutes. Sprinkle caraway seeds over Brussels sprouts and toss, then spread out in 1 layer and roast until Brussels sprouts are crisp-tender and well browned in spots, about 10 minutes more.
4 or more thick slices of home-style white bread	Preheat the oven to 350°F. Remove the crusts from the bread and slice into 1/2-inch strips and then the strips into 1/2-inch cubes, to make 4 cups. Spread the cubes in a single layer on a cookie sheet and set in the oven for about 10 minutes, turning once or twice, until lightly toasted on all sides. Spread the cubes on a tray to cool before using or freezing.
1 1/4 cups apricot nectar 1 6-ounce package dried apricots 6 tablespoons sugar	Stir all ingredients in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves and mixture simmers. Cover and cook until apricots soften, about 6 minutes; cool. Transfer mixture to processor and puree until almost smooth (some apricot bits will remain). Refrigerate. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead.)
1 16-ounce can chili 1 package (block) of Philadelphia cream cheese 1 package (8 ounces) of pre-shredded cheddar or Monterey Jack/Cheddar blend	Preheat oven to 350°F. Spread cream cheese evenly on the bottom of casserole dish.Layer chili on top of the cream cheese. Distribute grated cheese evenly over the top. Bake in oven until cheese melts, approximately 12 to 15 minutes. Serve warm with tortilla chips.
1 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped 3 tablespoons sugar	Bring 1/2 cup cream to simmer in heavy small saucepan. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Cool to barely lukewarm. Beat remaining 1 cup cream and sugar in large bowl to medium peaks. Fold in chocolate mixture. (Can be made 6 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
1 (12-ounce) package white chocolate chips (2 cups) 36 pretzel sticks and rods of various sizes 72 mini-marshmallows (about 1 cup)	1. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment or wax paper. 2. Place the chips in a double boiler over just-simmering water and melt, stirring frequently. As soon as the chips are just melted (there may even be a few solid ones left), remove the pan from the heat and remove the top section of the double boiler so the chocolate's temperature doesn't keep rising. 3. Stick marshmallows onto both ends of the pretzels, with the marshmallows' flat sides parallel to the pretzel. 4. Dip each pretzel in the chocolate and lift out with a fork, letting the excess drip back in the bowl. Lay the bones on the baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes to harden the chocolate. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator or at a cool room temperature.
1/3 cup granulated sugar 1/2 teaspoon potato starch Equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder	Grind sugar and potato starch together in grinder until powdery.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 cup sugar 1 (10-ounce) bag frozen blueberries 1 (750-ml) bottle sparkling wine	Bring sugar, 1 cup blueberries, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan; cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Transfer blueberry syrup to a medium bowl set inside an ice bath and let cool. Purée syrup and remaining blueberries in a food processor until smooth. Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a 13x9" (or other 3-qt.) freezer-safe baking dish, pressing on solids to extract as much juice as possible; discard solids. Pour sparkling wine into baking dish and stir to combine. Freeze mixture until just beginning to crystallize, about 2 hours. Scrape with a fork, then continue to freeze, scraping every hour, until texture is similar to shaved ice, 3–4 hours more. Cover with plastic wrap and keep frozen until ready to serve.
7 3/4 cups (about 4 pounds) sugar 4 1/2 cups fresh ginger, peeled and cut into 1/8-inch slices (about 3 large hands)	In medium saucepan over high heat, combine 4 1/2 cups water, sugar, and ginger and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered until syrupy and reduced by half, about 40 to 45 minutes. Strain into medium bowl, cover with plastic, and refrigerate until cool, about 1 hour.
2 cups grapeseed oil 20 garlic cloves (about 2 heads), peeled	In a large saucepan, heat the oil over low heat. Once the oil begins to shimmer (be careful not to let it boil), add the garlic cloves. Cook the garlic uncovered for 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until the cloves are easily mashed with a fork. Store the cooled oil and garlic cloves in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.
1 1/2 tablespoons butter, melted 3 slices of homemade-type white bread, crusts discarded and the bread cut into 1/2-inch-wide sticks 1/2 cup sesame seeds	Preheat the oven to 350°F. Season the butter with salt and pepper, brush it on the bread sticks, and roll the sticks in the sesame seeds. Bake the sesame sticks on a baking sheet in the middle of the oven for 15 minutes, or until they are golden.
1 1/2 pounds (3 1/3 cups) superfine sugar 2 cups water	Hot method: Combine the sugar and water in a large saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring continuously. Let the syrup cool, then store in a quart bottle.
8 ounces semisweet chocolate, such as Valrhona Equatoriale, finely chopped 1 cup heavy cream 1/2 cup light corn syrup	Place the chocolate in a metal bowl. Combine the cream and corn syrup in a small heavy nonreactive saucepan and bring to a simmer. Pour the liquid over the chocolate and allow it to sit for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the chocolate has melted. Whisk to combine. Allow the sauce to cool slightly, then pour into a bowl or other container. (Stored in the refrigerator, tightly covered, the sauce will keep for up to 2 weeks.) To serve, warm the sauce gently in the top of a double boiler or in the microwave.
1 cup picked-over fresh or frozen cranberries 1 1/2 cups sugar 1/2 cup water	In a food processor purée cranberries and transfer to a small bowl. In a dry heavy saucepan cook sugar over moderate heat, stirring with a fork, until melted and cook, without stirring, swirling pan, until a golden caramel. Remove pan from heat and carefully add water and cranberry purée (caramel will steam and harden). Return pan to heat and simmer sauce, stirring, 10 minutes, or until caramel is dissolved. Pour sauce through a fine sieve into a heatproof bowl, pressing hard on solids, and cool completely. Sauce may be made 4 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to room temperature before serving.
3/4 teaspoon active dry yeast 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt 1 2/3 cups bread flour, plus more for surface	Pulse yeast, salt, and 1 2/3 cups flour in a food processor until combined. With the motor running, add 3/4 cup 100°F–110°F water and process until a ball forms, about 30 seconds. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface; it should look slightly shaggy and stick to the counter (if dough is too dry, add more warm water by the teaspoonful until tacky). Knead until dough becomes smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Divide into 2 balls (each will make a 12–14" pizza). Transfer balls to separate large resealable containers or bags. Chill at least overnight and up to 2 days.
1/4 cup of cream of tartar 2 tablespoons baking soda	Sift 1/4 cup cream of tartar and 2 tablespoons baking soda through fine strainer 3 times into small bowl.
About 4 cups vegetable oil 1 medium or large parsnip Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer; a Y-shaped vegetable peeler	Heat 1 inch oil in a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until thermometer registers 360°F. While oil heats, peel parsnip, then shave as many ribbons as possible from parsnip with vegetable peeler. Fry ribbons in 3 batches, stirring frequently, until edges are golden but middles are still pale, about 40 seconds to 1 minute per batch. Transfer parsnips as fried with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, then season lightly with salt. (Return oil to 360°F between batches.) Parsnips will crisp as they cool.
2 cups brown-rice flour (extra finely ground) 2/3 cup potato starch 1/3 cup tapioca flour	Put all ingredients into a sealable airtight container and shake until combined well.
12 to 18 pounds of grade-A honey 4 1/2 gallons of tap or bottled water 8 grams (1/4 ounce) of freeze-dried wine, champagne, or dedicated mead yeast	Note on equipment: Making mead requires essentially the same basic kit necessary to brew beer at home: primary and secondary plastic-bucket fermenters with air locks and spigots, transfer hosing, a bottle-filler tube, heavy bottles, bottle caps, bottle capper, and a bottle brush and washer. You should be able to find these items for approximately $70 total (excluding the bottles) through a home-brewing supplier, such as The Home Brewery. Bottles cost from $6 to $20 per dozen, depending on style. You might instead buy a couple of cases of beer in returnable bottles, drink the beer, and — after sanitizing them! — reuse those bottles, for the cost of the deposit. All your equipment must be sanitized or sterilized before use. Ordinary unscented household bleach does the job fine. Put all the equipment (including the lid and stirring spoons) into the fermentation bucket, fill with water, and add 2 teaspoons of unscented bleach. Let it sit for 30 minutes. Drain the water through the spigot, rinse everything in hot water, and allow to air-dry. Bring the 4 1/2 gallons of water to a boil. Well water, by the way, should be avoided because of potentially high levels of strong tasting minerals like iron. Boiling should remove harsh chlorine from municipal tap water. If you don't own a pot large enough to hold five gallons of water, boil as much as possible. You will add the remaining water to the fermenter later. Once the water reaches a boil, remove it from the heat and stir in all of the honey. Do not boil the honey, as it reduces the aromatic quality of the finished mead. While the honey dissolves in the water, put a cup of lukewarm (90 to 100°F) water into a clean bowl. Sprinkle in the yeast and cover the bowl with plastic wrap. When the honey has been fully dissolved in the water and the pot is cool to the touch (not over 80°F), pour the honey-water into the fermentation bucket and stir in the yeast mixture. Note: Cooling the honey-water should take about half an hour. This process can be accelerated with a so-called sink bath, that is, repeatedly immersing the pot in cold water in a sink or basin. If you have not already added the full 4 1/2 gallons of water, top it off with the balance in bottled water (or tap water if you're confident of its quality). Seal the bucket and allow the mixture to ferment for two weeks to one month. The progress of fermentation can judged by monitoring the carbon-dioxide bubbles escaping from the air lock: When they drop to one bubble every sixty seconds, fermentation has nearly concluded. Note that is only an issue during this primary fermentation; secondary fermentation has more to do with aging and mellowing and hence is more flexible. When primary fermentation has subsided, siphon the mead over to your secondary fermentation bucket and seal it. Allow one to four months aging time. Do not open the fermenter, as this risks contaminating the mead. When you decide it has matured enough (and the mead has cleared), you will want to siphon it into sterilized bottles and cap them. Follow the same procedure as you would for home-brewed beer. My book Beer for Dummies has a detailed guide in its Chapter Ten, or consult the web site of the American Homebrewers Association. Keep in mind that this is a recipe for still (i.e., non-carbonated) mead. Mead typically improves with age, so the longer you can wait to open the bottles, the better.
2 cups warm water 1 tablespoon kosher salt 1 tablespoon sugar	Mix all the ingredients and stir until the salt and sugar are dissolved. Submerge the fish in the brine, weighting it down with a plate if need be, and brine according to these guidelines: • Trout, shrimp, sardines, and other delicate seafood: 15 minutes • Bass, barramundi, sablefish, and other flaky fillets: 20 minutes • Halibut, mahimahi, bluefish, and other flaky, meaty fillets: 30 minutes • Salmon, mackerel, Arctic char, and other meaty, full-flavored fish: 35 minutes • Amberjack, cobia, swordfish, and other dense, steak-like fish: 40 minutes
12 corn tortillas (5 1/2 to 6 1/2 inches in diameter) About 1 1/2 cups vegetable oil	Spread out tortillas on a work surface (in 1 layer) and let dry until leathery, about 20 minutes. Heat 1/2 inch oil in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot enough to make edge of a tortilla sizzle. Add 1 tortilla to oil, pushing down with a long-handled metal spatula to submerge, and fry 15 seconds. Using tongs, turn tortilla over and continue frying, pushing down into oil with spatula to keep as flat as possible and turning over occasionally, until tortilla is deep golden and bubbling begins to subside, about 1 minute more. Transfer with tongs to paper towels to drain. (Tostada will crisp as it cools.) Fry with remaining tortillas, 1 at a time, in same manner.
6 large garlic cloves, peeled, halved 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 cup extra-virgin olive oil	Preheat oven to 350°F. Place garlic cloves and 1 tablespoon olive oil in small ovenproof skillet; stir to coat. Roast in oven until garlic is just golden, shaking pan occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add extra-virgin olive oil; cool in skillet. Transfer oil and garlic to jar. Seal tightly; store in refrigerator up to 2 weeks (keep garlic in oil for flavor and looks, but use only oil in recipes).
1 1/2 ounces Byrrh 1 1/2 ounces London dry gin Lemon twist (for serving)	Combine Byrrh and gin in a mixing glass, large glass, or cocktail shaker filled with ice; stir until outside of glass is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a coupe glass and garnish with lemon twist.
1 ice cube 3/4 ounce dry gin 6 ounces chilled champagne	Place the ice cube in a 10-ounce wineglass or goblet, add the gin and champagne.
4 slices whole-wheat sandwich bread (about 1 ounce each)	Preheat the oven to 350°F. Place the bread in a food processor and process until fine crumbs form, 25 to 30 seconds. Place the crumbs on a baking sheet, spreading them evenly. Bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Store the bread crumbs in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.
1 or 1 1/2 ounces gin 1/2 ounce white crème de menthe 1/2 cup crushed ice	Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass.
2–3 cups nuts of your choice, such as peanuts, hazelnuts, almonds, pistachios or cashews 1 teaspoon raw cacao (optional)	Put the nuts in a food processor and process for 20–30 minutes, stopping and scraping down the side as needed every 5 minutes. This takes more time than you’d expect, so be patient! It’s ready when the oils have released from the nuts and the consistency is like smooth butter. Stir in the raw cacao to make a delicious chocolate spread. Transfer to a glass jar, seal, and store in the fridge.
1 pound red potatoes (peeled if desired), cut into 1-inch pieces 1/3 cup milk 1/4 cup garlic-and herb-flavored soft cheese such as Boursin	In a saucepan simmer potatoes in water to cover until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain potatoes and return to pan. Mash potatoes with milk, cheese, and salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat until they are smooth and mixture is heated through.
1 cup raw almonds, hazelnuts, pistachios, pecans, walnuts, cashews, or peanuts 4 teaspoons agave syrup (nectar) 1/8 teaspoon kosher or sea salt	Place nuts in a large bowl and add water to cover by 2". Let stand at least 12 hours (this is key for silky, nongritty results; the longer the nuts soak, the smoother the milk will be). Drain nuts; discard soaking liquid. Purée nuts, agave, salt, and 4 cups very hot water (but not boiling; hot water yields creamier milk) in a blender on high speed until very smooth, about 2 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl, pressing down on solids; discard nut pulp. Thin nut milk with water as necessary to reach desired consistency. Transfer to airtight container and chill until cold. DO AHEAD: Nuts can be soaked 2 days ahead; cover. Nut milk can be made 3 days ahead; keep chilled.
a 750-ml. bottle of aquavit, such as O.P. Anderson, Linie, or Aalborg (available at fine liquor stores) flowers such as roses or tulips if desired distilled water or springwater	Open fully the top of a cleaned half-gallon milk carton to extend the length of the carton, wrap the outside and bottom of the carton with foil, and put the aquavit in the carton close to one side, leaving as much space as possible for the flowers. Cut the flower stems to various lengths to fit the space, fill the carton with the distilled water to within 1/2 inch of the top, and arrange the flowers carefully in the water, using the bottle to wedge them if they begin to float. Transfer the carton to the freezer, spoon in enough of the water to reach the top of the carton, and freeze the aquavit overnight. The aquavit may be frozen 1 week in advance. Remove the foil and let the aquavit stand at room temperature for 15 minutes. Peel off the carton and put the aquavit on a napkin-covered surface. (The aquavit does not freeze but becomes ice-cold and syrupy.)
3 1-pint baskets fresh strawberries, hulled 2 cups sugar	Place hulled strawberries in heavy large saucepan and mash coarsely. Cook strawberries over medium heat until beginning to thicken, stirring frequently, about 6 minutes. Reduce heat to low. Add 2 cups sugar and stir until dissolved. Increase heat to medium and boil gently until mixture thickens and mounds on spoon, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat. Cool. (Preserves can be prepared 1 week ahead. Refrigerate in airtight container.)
4 (1/2-pound) russet (baking) potatoes 1 egg white, lightly beaten 1/2 cup kosher salt	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Prick potatoes in several places with a fork. Coat each potato with egg white, then crust potatoes completely in salt. Bake potatoes in a shallow baking pan until tender when pierced with a sharp knife, about 1 hour. Crack off as much salt as desired from skin before serving.
3 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, quartered 2/3 cup crème fraîche or sour cream 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter	Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 25 minutes. Drain. Return potatoes to pot. Add crème fraîche and butter; mash until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. (Potatoes can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm over low heat, stirring frequently.)
8 cups water 2 teaspoons salt 2 cups polenta (coarse cornmeal)	Combine 8 cups water and salt in heavy larger saucepan. Bring to a boil. Gradually add cornmeal, whisking until smooth. reduce heat to low. Cover and cook until polenta is thick and creamy, stirring frequently, about 30 minutes.
3/4 pound snow peas, trimmed 1 tablespoon vegetable oil	In a large saucepan of boiling salted water boil snow peas 30 seconds and drain. Refresh snow peas under cold water and drain. Snow peas may be prepared up to this point 8 hours ahead and chilled, covered. In a heavy skillet sauté snow peas in oil over moderately high heat, until heated through and season with salt and pepper.
8 ounces sarsaparilla 1 or 2 scoops vanilla ice cream	Pour sarsaparilla in a 14-ounce collins glass, add ice cream and stir.
1/2 prepared angel food ring cake, cut into 8 wedges (1 inch thick) 8 mini candy canes (or peppermint hard candies) 8 ounces dark chocolate (at least 70 percent cocoa)	Heat broiler. Lay cake wedges on sides; cut each crosswise in half and place on a baking sheet. Broil cake until brown on top, 2 to 5 minutes. Pulse candy in a food processor. Microwave chocolate in a bowl, stirring every 15 seconds, until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Dip untoasted side of cake in chocolate; place on platter chocolate side up. Sprinkle candy pieces over chocolate.
3 tablespoons butter 30 pearl onions, blanched in boiling water 2 minutes, drained, peeled 1/3 cup water	Preheat oven to 450°F. Melt butter in large oven-proof skillet over medium heat. Add onions and sauté until golden, about 12 minutes. Stir in 1/3 cup water. Transfer skillet to oven and cook until onions are tender and glazed, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl and serve.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
12 ounces high-quality coffee beans (about 4 cups), coarsely ground Milk (optional; for serving) A 12-cup (or larger) resealable container or stockpot with lid; a coffee filter or cheesecloth	Place ground coffee in 12-cup container. Slowly pour 6 cups cool water over grounds. Stir very gently just until grounds are moistened. Seal container and chill 24 hours. Strain coffee grounds through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring cup or bowl. Strain again through coffee filter into a large bowl or 3-cup (or larger) resealable container. (Alternately, skip the straining and use a thick filter, like for a Chemex.) To serve, pour over ice and dilute 1:1 with water or milk.
4 pound russet (baking) potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes 6 tablespoons clarified butter 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley	Cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch in a 4-quart saucepan and parboil gently, uncovered, 4 minutes. Drain well in a colander and let stand until dry, about 5 minutes. Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat 3 tablespoons clarified butter in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté half of potatoes, shaking skillet and turning potatoes occasionally, until golden brown on all sides, 4 to 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to moderately low and cook potatoes, turning them, until tender, about 5 minutes more. Transfer to a baking sheet and sprinkle with parsley, then keep warm in oven. Sauté remaining potatoes in same manner.
1 1/2 ounces light rum 3/4 ounce dry vermouth 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
8 cups water 2 teaspoons salt 2 cups polenta (not quick-cooking) or yellow cornmeal (10 ounces)	Bring water to a boil with salt in a 4-quart heavy pot, then add polenta in a thin stream, whisking. Cook over moderate heat, whisking, 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low and simmer polenta, covered, stirring for 1 minute after every 10 minutes of cooking, 45 minutes total. Remove from heat and serve warm.
1 cup frozen unsweetened strawberries 1/2 cup sugar 1 tablespoon lemon juice	1. In a medium saucepan, combine the strawberries, sugar, and lemon juice. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Transfer to a blender. 2. Purée until smooth, strain, and set aside. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.
4 ounces chilled pink champagne 4 ounces chilled orange juice Dash crème de cassis	Pour the champagne into a saucer champagne glass. Add the orange juice and cassis.
3 hulled strawberries 4 ounces Lemon-Ginger Brew Lemon slice (for garnish)	Muddle 3 hulled strawberries in a highball glass. Add 4 ounces Lemon-Ginger Brew and stir well. Fill glass with ice and garnish with a lemon slice.
Animal fries, or testicles, have a mild flavor and delicate texture somewhat like sweetbreads. They are considered a seasonal delicacy in many parts of the world. Gourmet first wrote about them in 1942, as a treat that hungry cowboys cooked for themselves. Calf fires are available frozen from Highland Country Farms (800-398-7803). Cleaning fries (once they've been thawed) can be a little unsettling —but if you think about what you are doing, so can the preparation of any creature. Each fry is enclosed in a sac of skin with a small opening. Pull the opening apart with your fingers to reveal the tender, membrane-covered portion inside. Cut the skin away with a knife, leaving the membrane intact, then proceed with the recipe.	
1 ounce wakame (dried seaweed)	Place 1 ounce wakame (dried seaweed) in a medium bowl; cover with boiling water and let sit until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain seaweed, squeeze out excess water, and coarsely chop.
2 cups pitted fresh or frozen (not thawed) red or black cherries 2/3 cup sugar 2 teaspoons cornstarch	Preheat the oven to 400°F. Combine the cherries, sugar, and cornstarch in a 9-inch square baking dish, tossing to mix. Roast for 30 to 45 minutes, until the juices are thickened and bubbly, stirring every 15 minutes. Let cool completely, then chill in the refrigerator.
6 romaine hearts (two 18-oz packages), trimmed and halved lengthwise 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil About 1 1/4 teaspoons fine sea salt	Rinse romaine halves, then shake off water and pat dry. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then add 3 romaine halves, cut sides down, and sprinkle with a rounded 1/4 teaspoon sea salt. Cook, turning over once with tongs, until browned, about 2 minutes total, then cover and cook until just crisp-tender, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a platter. Cook remaining romaine halves in oil in 3 batches in same manner, transferring to platter. Cool to room temperature before serving.
Kosher salt 1 pound salmon fillet, cut into 8 pieces 1/4 cup Canal House Teriyaki Sauce	Bring 1 1/2" water to a boil in a medium skillet. Season generously with salt; reduce heat to medium-low. Add salmon, skin side down, cover, and simmer gently until opaque throughout, 5–10 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl as finished; remove skin and pour teriyaki sauce over. DO AHEAD: Salmon can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill.
2 red bell peppers, roasted, patted dry, and chopped 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste	In a food processor purée the roasted peppers, add the butter, the lemon juice, and salt and black pepper to taste, and blend the mixture until it is smooth. Serve the butter with grilled vegetables or grilled chicken.
9 cups (2 1/4 quarts) fresh red grapefruit juice (from about 6 grapefruits) 3 cups seltzer or club soda Garnish: fresh mint sprigs	In a pitcher half-filled with ice cubes, stir together juice and seltzer or soda and garnish with mint.
1 lb green beans, trimmed 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil Coarse gray sea salt to taste	Cook beans in a 6-quart pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, until just tender, 4 to 6 minutes. Drain in a colander, then transfer to a large bowl and toss with oil, sea salt, and pepper to taste.
1 tablespoon tamarind concentrate (available at many ethnic markets) 2 to 3 tablespoons sugar 1 cup water	Mix concentrate, sugar, and 1/3 cup of water in a blender until smooth. Blend in remaining 2/3 cup of water. Serve over ice.
2 tablespoons olive oil 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed 1/4 cup Canal House Teriyaki Sauce or 1 tablespoon (scant) prepared oyster sauce	Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms and cook, tossing occasionally, until tender and golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons water to skillet and cook, tossing mushrooms occasionally, until water is evaporated and mushrooms are tender, about 2 minutes longer. Transfer mushrooms to a medium bowl and toss with teriyaki sauce. DO AHEAD: Mushrooms can be made 5 days ahead; cover and chill.
1 cup pitted Barhi dates 1/2 cup filtered water	In a food processor, combine the dates and water and process until completely smooth. Use immediately, or store in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.
6 large very ripe bananas 6 tablespoons creamy peanut butter 1/4 cup grape jelly	Cut bananas into 1/2" slices. Arrange in a single layer on a large plate or rimmed baking sheet. Freeze until firm, about 1 1/2 hours. Purée banana slices in a food processor, scraping down bowl as needed, until mixture becomes creamy, about 3 minutes. Add peanut butter and 3 Tbsp. water; purée until smooth, about 2 minutes more. Drizzle jelly over banana mixture, then pulse a few more times to just incorporate jelly and create a speckled appearance. Divide ice cream among serving bowls and serve immediately.
2 cups pear nectar 1/2 cup unsweetened cranberry juice (or 3/4 cup cranberry juice cocktail for a sweeter drink) Seltzer or Prosecco, to top off	Combine nectar and juice up to 3 days in advance. Pour into champagne flutes or wineglasses; top with seltzer or Prosecco right before serving.
1 ice cube 3/4 ounce dry gin 6 ounces chilled champagne	Place the ice cube in a 10-ounce wineglass or goblet, add the gin and champagne.
Chicken breasts, bone-in, or chicken pieces Olive oil Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper	Grilling Method: Indirect/Medium Heat Remove and discard excess fat from chicken. Pat dry. Brush lightly with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Place chicken, bone-side down, in center of cooking grate. You do not need to turn the chicken pieces. Grill-roast until breast meat near bone registers 165°F and thigh meat registers 180°F. If you don't have a meat thermometer, cook until the chicken meat is no longer pink and the juices run clear. Remove and let sit 5 to 10 minutes before serving.
1 medium-sized watermelon 1 pint and a half of good straight bourbon	Rest the melon on a rimmed tray or platter, then score diagonal gashes several inches apart all around the melon, cutting through the rind into the "meat." Take a sharp knife and cut out a conical plug from the top center. This cone should be about two inches in diameter and about six inches long when it is withdrawn from the melon. Place the tray with the melon in your refrigerator for at least an hour, maybe longer. Moisture will seep out during this process through the side gashes and will rise in the hole left by the cone. Pour off this liquid out of the cone and fill the hole slowly with straight bourbon. Return the melon on its tray to the refrigerator, chill thoroughly, and keep adding bourbon periodically. Serve the melon sliced, or as a coconut-garnished melon ball dessert. Kentucky Watermelon should be popular as a de luxe picnic treat, too. Just pack the whole melon in ice until you're ready to serve.
1 half bottle (12.7 ounces) champagne, chilled 2 jiggers (3 ounces) 1 half botstle (12.7 ounces) champagne, chilled	Pour 1 1/4 cups of champagne into an ice tray and freeze into cubes. Pour crème de cassis into a metal bowl and freeze it until it is very thick. (The crème de cassis will not freeze solid.) The liquids may be prepared up to this point 8 hours in advance. In a blender, blend frozen champagne and 1 cup cracked ice with the cr(me de cassis, scraping down the sides occasionally, and the remaining champagne until the mixture is smooth but still frozen. Divide mixture between 2 stemmed glasses.
Two 16-ounce packages frozen peaches 3/4 cup sugar A pinch of kosher salt	Bring two 16-ounce packages frozen peaches, 3/4 cup sugar, and a pinch of kosher salt to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer gently, mashing fruit occasionally with a spoon, until peaches are very tender, 40-45 minutes. Strain into a jar, pressing gently on solids (press too hard and syrup will be cloudy). Cover; chill at least 1 hour and up to 2 weeks.
4 small russet potatoes 2 tablespoons olive oil 1/4 cup chopped fresh rosemary	Place potatoes in medium saucepan. Cover with water; bring to boil. Boil potatoes until just tender when pierced with small sharp knife. Cool. Peel potatoes. Cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat) or preheat broiler. Brush potatoes with oil. Sprinkle with rosemary, salt and pepper. Grill potatoes until beginning to brown, about 4 minutes per side.
2 cups short-grain white rice (sometimes labeled "sushi rice") 2 cups water (if cooking on the stovetop)	1. Put the rice in a large bowl (or in the insert that fits into the rice cooker) and add enough water to submerge it by an inch. Use your fingers to stir the rice—stirring the rice like this will loosen the powdery rice starch from the grains and cloud the water. Tilt the bowl to drain the rice, using your hand to keep the rice from going down the drain with the water, and repeat until the rice no longer clouds the water. 2. If using a rice cooker, cook the rice according to the manufacturer's instructions. If cooking on the stovetop, put the rice in a medium saucepan with a lid, add the water, cover the pan, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Once the water boils, reduce the heat to low and cook, covered, until the rice has absorbed all the water in the pot, about 20 minutes. 3. Regardless of whether you've cooked it on the stove or in a cooker, when the rice is ready, paddle it: we use a short, wide, wooden rice paddle to do so, but any wooden spoon will work. Just stir and fluff the rice, letting the steam escape, then let it sit for another 10 minutes with the lid of the pan or the cooker slightly ajar before serving.
Cherry tomatoes Salt Softened butter	Broil cherry tomatoes until the skins blister and juices are released; let cool. Blitz with salt in a food processor until coarsely puréed, then stir into softened butter. Dollop onto grilled fish, cooked rice, or crostini.
10 tablespoons medium-ground full-flavored coffee 10 cups cold water (preferably filtered) 5 empty eggshells, crushed	Bring all ingredients to a full boil in a large nonreactive saucepan, partially covered, then simmer, tightly covered, 5 to 7 minutes. Let stand, covered, off heat until grounds settle, about 2 minutes. Carefully strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a pot.
vegetable-oil cooking spray 1 1/2 pounds red onions (about 3 medium), each cut into 8 wedges 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar	Preheat oven to 450° F. and lightly coat a shallow baking pan with cooking spray. Arrange onions in one layer in pan and roast in middle of oven, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and just tender, about 15 minutes. Drizzle vinegar over onions and roast until most of vinegar is evaporated, about 3 minutes. Season onions with salt and pepper and keep warm, covered.
2 12-ounce baskets strawberries, hulled, halved 1/2 cup sugar 1 cup low-fat buttermilk	Puree strawberries and sugar in processor. Add buttermilk and process until smooth. Pour into 8x8x2-inch glass dish. Place in freezer. Freeze mixture until firm, about 3 hours. Transfer mixture to processor and process until smooth. Spoon mixture into plastic container. Cover tightly and freeze until firm, about 3 hours (Ice can be prepared 2 days ahead. Keep frozen.) Let ice soften at room temperature about 5 minutes before serving.
6 ounces small red beans _hoong dul,_about 1 cup 1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons vegetable oil	Wash the beans, cover the cold water, and soak overnight. Drain beans and discard water. Place beans in a 1 1/2-quart saucepan, add 3 cups cold water, and bring to a boil over high heat. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer 1 hour, or until very soft. Monitor the pan to make sure water doesn't dry up. Drain and discard the water. Place the beans in a food processor and process until smooth. Add brown sugar and process until just combined. In a medium saucepan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Add the bean paste and cook, stirring 2 to 3 minutes, or until the mixture is dry. Remove from heat. Store in a covered container in the refrigerator until ready to use; it will keep for 1 week.
1 stick (1/2 cup) organic unsalted butter Two 7-ounce bars organic 70% baking chocolate (or for real dark-chocolate lovers, use unsweetened chocolate) 2 cups organic semisweet chocolate chips	Place the butter and chocolate in the top of a double boiler or in a stainless-steel bowl placed over a saucepan one-quarter full of water. Over medium-high heat, stir the mixture frequently with a rubber spatula until the chocolate is almost melted. Remove from the bottom pan and stir until the chocolate has finished melting. Cool for 15 minutes or more, until thickened, before using.
4 egg whites 2 cups of sifted confectioners sugar Lemon juice (used to thin icing if needed)	Using electric mixer fitted with whisk attachment, beat egg whites at high speed until foamy. Gradually begin adding powdered sugar about a half cup at a time, waiting until sugar has been completely incorporated before adding the next scoop. Scrape down bowl often. Continue beating at high speed until a thick shiny icing appears. This can take as long as ten minutes. Reminiscent of Elmers glue, it should be thick but not stiff. When this is achieved, put slightly more than half of the icing into a bowl and cover with Saran Wrap and refrigerate. This will be your thinner icing used to coat the face of the cookies. If icing becomes thicker than desired, drizzle in lemon juice to thin it out. Continue mixing the remainder of the icing until it becomes slightly thicker. This will be your thicker icing used for outlines and surface piping. Divide icings into paper cups and color as needed.
6 tablespoons whipping cream 6 tablespoons light corn syrup 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped	Bring cream and corn syrup to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low. Add chocolate; whisk until smooth. Remove from heat. Let cool until glaze thickens slightly but can still be poured, about 25 minutes.
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt 1/2 small red onion, thinly sliced	Bring vinegar, salt, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from heat. Stir in onion. Let cool. Drain before serving.
3 cups water 1 1/2 cups long-grain rice (not converted) 1 1/4 teaspoons salt	In a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan combine all ingredients and boil, uncovered, until steam holes appear in rice and grains on surface appear dry, about 8 minutes. Cover pan and cook rice over very low heat 15 minutes more. Remove pan from heat and let rice stand, covered, 5 minutes.
1 serving hot cooked oatmeal 3/4 cup chopped fresh fruit 1 scoop vanilla ice cream	Place oatmeal in a serving bowl. (Note: Steelcut oatmeal is best for a hearty, chewy texture, but takes more time to make. If pressed for time, instant oatmeal works as well.) Top oatmeal with fresh fruit. (Strawberries, bananas, blueberries, nectarines, mangoes, and raspberries all work well singly or combined together.) Place 1 small scoop of ice cream on top of the fruit. Enjoy a most decadent breakfast.
2 ounces strong cold-brew coffee 1 ounce simple syrup 1 ounce chocolate syrup (we like Monin brand best) (optional)	Combine 2 ounces strong cold-brew coffee and 1 ounce simple syrup in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice and shake vigorously (this is important; you really want to agitate the coffee) until outside is frosty and drink is light and frothy, about 1 minute. Strain into a small tumbler.
1 part peach puree 2 parts Prosecco or another sparkling wine 1 pinch of edible, nontoxic, dried or fresh lavender	1. Place the puree in the bottom of a champagne glass. 2. Carefully pour in the sparkling wine. 3. Don't stir, but use a spoon to pull the puree up along thesides of the glass, so that you won't lose the bubbles. 4. Decorate with the lavender.
1 1/2 pounds russet (baking) potatoes 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, melted	Peel the potatoes and, using a food processor fitted with the slicing blade or a mandoline, slice them very thin, transferring them as they are sliced to a large bowl of cold water. Drain the slices and pat them dry between paper towels. Generously brush the bottom and side of a 9-inch heavy ovenproof skillet, preferably non-stick, with some of the butter and in the skillet arrange the slices, overlapping them slightly, in layers, brushing each layer with some of the remaining butter and seasoning it with salt and pepper. Cover the layered potato slices with a buttered round foil, tamp down the assembled potato cake firmly, and bake it in the middle of a preheated 425°F. oven for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and bake the potato cake for 25 to 30 minutes more, or until the slices are tender and golden. Invert the potato cake onto a cutting board and cut it into 8 wedges.
1 1/4 cups frozen unsweetened blackberries (about 5 ounces), thawed 4 tablespoons crème de cassis (preferably imported) 1 750-ml bottle chilled champagne or other sparkling wine	Puree berries in processor. Press puree through sieve into small bowl; discard seeds. Spoon 1 tablespoon berry puree and 1 tablespoon crème de cassis into each of 4 champagne flutes. Fill each flute with champagne and serve.
3 tablespoons dried yellow split peas 1 cup vegetable oil	Cover dried peas with cold water by 1 inch and soak 8 hours. Drain well in a colander and pat dry. Heat vegetable oil in a deep 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then fry peas, stirring occasionally, until golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain peas on paper towels.
6 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate 1 cup chopped malted milk balls	Strain hot custard over 6 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate in a medium bowl; let stand 5 minutes, then whisk to combine. Let cool over a bowl of ice water. Process custard, adding in 1 cup chopped malted milk balls at the end.
1 navel orange 8 whole cloves 1 (750-ml) bottle Ruby Port	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Stud orange with cloves and roast in a small shallow ceramic or glass baking dish until browned and soft, about 1 1/2 hours. Carefully quarter orange, then bring orange quarters and Port just to a simmer in a 2- to 2 1/2-quart saucepan. Remove from heat and serve warm.
2 cups (or more) masa (corn tortilla mix; preferably Maseca brand) 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt Vegetable oil (for brushing)	Whisk masa and salt in a medium bowl. Stir in 1 1/2 cups water; knead in bowl until dough forms. The dough should feel firm and springy and look slightly dry (think Play-Doh). Add more water by tablespoonfuls if too crumbly; add a little more masa if too wet. Measure 1 heaping tablespoon dough and roll into a ball. Flatten on a tortilla press lined with a plastic bag. If tortilla crumbles, dough is too dry (add more water); if it sticks to the plastic, dough is too wet (add more masa). Repeat, pressing out 2 more tortillas. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat; lightly brush with oil. Cook 2-3 tortillas until charred in spots and edges start to curl, 1-2 minutes. Turn; cook through, about 15 seconds. Transfer to a kitchen towel; fold over to keep warm. Repeat, in batches, with remaining dough.
1 pound fresh cherries, stemmed and pitted, or frozen pitted cherries, thawed, undrained 1 cup sugar	Using a muddler or potato masher, smash cherries and sugar in a medium bowl to release juices (it's okay to leave some cherries whole). Stir in 3/4 cup hot water. Let stand until slightly cooled, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Cover and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled. Strain syrup before using, reserving cherries for garnish.
1 medium head cauliflower (2 1/2 to 3 pounds), cut into 1 1/2-inch-wide florets (8 cups) 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1/4 teaspoon salt	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Toss cauliflower with oil and salt in a large bowl. Spread in 1 layer in a large shallow baking pan (1 inch deep) and roast, stirring and turning over occasionally, until tender and golden brown, 25 to 35 minutes.
1 (6-inch) piece kombu (dried kelp), wiped lightly with damp cloth* 2 (5-gram) packages (about 1 cup) katsuobushi (dried bonito flakes)* *Available at Asian markets	In large saucepan over moderately high heat, combine 6 1/2 cups cold water and kombu. Bring to boil, then remove and discard kombu. Remove pan from heat and stir in bonito flakes. Cover pan and let steep 3 minutes. Strain stock through cheesecloth-lined sieve into large bowl. Use immediately or cool, uncovered, then refrigerate, covered, up to 1 week.
Four 6-ounce salmon steaks 2 tablespoons olive oil, turning to coat Salt and pepper	Heat broiler. Place four 6-ounce salmon steaks on a broilerproof baking sheet. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil, turning to coat; season with salt and pepper. Broil until cooked through but still slightly translucent in the center, 5–7 minutes.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1/2 cup orange juice 3 or 4 ice cubes 4 ounces chilled champagne	Pour the orange juice into a 10-ounce highball glass, add ice cubes, and fill with champagne.
2 Ruby Red pink grapefruits 1/4 cup sugar 1 750-ml bottle brut Champagne, well chilled	Using vegetable peeler, remove peel from 1 grapefruit; place in bowl. Cut both grapefruits in half; squeeze enough juice to measure 3/4 cup. Mix juice and sugar in bowl with peel. Let stand 5 minutes. Strain into small bowl, pressing on solids. Pour 2 tablespoons syrup into each of four 6-ounce flutes. Fill each with 2/3 cup Champagne.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter 1/2 teaspoon curry powder 3/4 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch pieces (about 2 cups)	Preheat oven to 450°F. In a small saucepan melt butter and stir in curry powder and salt and pepper to taste. In a small baking pan toss potatoes with butter mixture and roast in oven, shaking pan occasionally, until golden and tender, 15 to 20 minutes.
A bottle of Beaujolais 3/4 cup crème de cassis, or to taste Two 3-inch strips of lemon or orange zest removed with a vegetable peeler plus, if desired, lemon or orange slices for garnish	In a saucepan stir together the Beaujolais, the crème de cassis, and the zest and simmer the mixture, covered, for 5 minutes. Discard the zest, divide the mixture among wineglasses, and garnish each drink with a lemon or orange slice.
1/2 cup wheat or rye berries Filtered water as needed	In the evening, place the wheat or rye berries in a sprouting jar, and fill the jar with water. Let stand overnight. The next morning, drain the berries and spread them on a sprouting rack (a plastic or glass rectangular container lined with wet paper towels can be substituted). Leave them to sprout for 1 to 2 days, rinsing them 3 times a day. They are ready when 1/4-inch tails have emerged. Place the sprouts in a wide container with at least 3-inch-high sides and add 4 cups filtered water. Let stand in a warm spot for 12 to 14 hours, or until the liquid smells slightly fermented. Strain off the liquid (this is the Rejuvelac) into a clean jar. Use immediately, or cover tightly and store in the refrigerator for up to 5 days. The same sprouts may be used 3 more times to make additional Rejuvelac.
1 1/2 cups hazelnuts (about 7 ounces) 3 tablespoons vegetable oil	Toast and skin hazelnuts, but do not cool. In a food processor grind hazelnuts into a fine paste. Add oil and pulse until combined well. Hazelnut butter may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered.
2 3/4 cups mini semisweet chocolate chips 2 cups heavy cream 1 tsp unsalted butter	1 Put the chocolate chips in a large heatproof bowl. Bring the cream to a boil in a medium saucepan. 2 Just before the cream comes to a full boil, pour the cream into the chocolate chips and whisk together until smooth. 3 Add the butter and stir until smooth and shiny. Place plastic wrap directly over the surface to prevent a skin from forming, then let stand at room temperature overnight to cool. Store in the refrigerator, covered, for up to three weeks.
3 ounces bittersweet or milk chocolate	Have ready a 3- to 4-quart saucepan and a metal bowl large enough to fit on top. Make sure that when saucepan is filled one third full with water, bottom of bowl is not touching water. Chop chocolate into no larger than 1/4-inch dice and transfer three fourths to metal bowl. Fill saucepan one third full with water and bring water to a boil. Remove pan from heat. Set bowl with chocolate over pan (do not let bowl touch water) and melt chocolate, stirring, until a digital or chocolate thermometer inserted at least 1/2 inch into chocolate registers 118°–120°F. for bittersweet chocolate or 116°–118°F. for milk chocolate. (If chocolate does not reach desired temperature, remove bowl, return water in pan to a boil, and repeat procedure). Remove bowl from pan and cool chocolate by adding remaining chopped chocolate and stirring until smooth. Let chocolate cool until thermometer registers 80°F. Return water in pan to a boil and remove from heat. Set bowl over pan and reheat melted chocolate, stirring until thermometer registers 88°–91°F. for bittersweet chocolate or 85°–87°F. for milk chocolate.
1/2 preparedBasic Butter Cookie Dough at room temperature 3/4 cup strawberry, apricot, or raspberry jam, strained fine	Preheat oven to 350°F. Form level teaspoons of dough into balls and arrange about 1 inch apart on baking sheets. With your thumb make an indentation in center of each ball of dough and fill with about 1/4 teaspoon jam. Bake cookies in batches in middle of oven until edges are pale golden, about 12 minutes. Cool cookies on baking sheets 2 minutes and transfer to racks to cool completely. Cookies may be stored between layers of wax paper in airtight containers up to 6 weeks frozen.
1 medium zucchini, scrubbed and cut into 1/4-inch thick slices 1/2 cup coarsely grated jalapeño Monterey Jack 1 teaspoon all-purpose flour	Spread the zucchini in a microwave-safe dish. In a small bowl toss the jalapeño Monterey Jack with the flour, sprinkle the mixture over the zucchini mixture on high power (100%), uncovered, for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the zucchini is tender and the cheese is melted. Season the zucchini mixture with salt and pepper.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 1/2 pounds rock candy (see tip, below) 1 1/2 pounds dried pears and/or apricots 2 liters vodka	Divide rock candy among containers. Add fruit and cover with vodka. Seal containers tightly and let stand for 6 weeks, preferably in a cool, dark place. Serve as an after-dinner drink or drizzle over ice cream.
1/4 cup brown or long-grain white rice or oatmeal (not instant or quick-cook variety) 1/3 cup filtered water Breast milk or formula	In a food processor, grind the brown rice or oatmeal until it is a fine powdery substance (babies over 7 months can have unground). Transfer to a medium saucepan, add the water, and cook on medium heat, until thick and cooked through, about 3 minutes. Let cool and add a tablespoon or two of breast milk or formula until desired consistency is reached. Serve lukewarm or at room temperature.
3 chopped celery stalks 1 chopped onion 1 turkey carcass (broken into pieces), and water to cover (12-14 cups)	Combine 3 chopped celery stalks, 1 chopped onion, 1 turkey carcass (broken into pieces), and water to cover (12-14 cups) in a stockpot. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until broth is reduced by 1/3, about 3 1/2 hours. Strain; discard solids. Let cool; cover and chill. DO AHEAD Stock will keep chilled for 3 days or frozen for 3 months.
5 large red bell peppers, halved lengthwise, discarding stems and seeds Olive oil for rubbing	Rub outsides of peppers with oil, then arrange peppers, cut sides down, in 1 layer in a large shallow baking pan. Preheat broiler Broil peppers 4 to 5 inches from heat until well charred (peppers will not char evenly, especially at ends), 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap, then let stand about 20 minutes. When peppers are cool enough to handle, peel off skin. Chop peppers and reserve 1/4 cup for saffron rouille (if making) or for another use.
3 ounces blackberry brandy 1/2 cup crushed ice Nutmeg	Combine the brandy and ice in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass and grate a little nutmeg on top.
6 pounds sour cherries 1 cup light corn syrup 9 cups sugar	Pit the cherries, reserving 36 pits. Place the pits in a towel and hit sharply with a hammer. Remove the inner kernel from each pit. Combine these kernels, 1/4 of the cherries, the corn syrup, and 1 cup sugar in a large pot and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until sugar dissolves. Add remaining cherries and sugar and bring to a boil, stirring frequently so that the sugar does not burn. Cook at a rolling boil for 12 minutes, remove from the heat and skim carefully. Pour juice and cherries in a single layer into shallow pans, cover each with a pane of glass and insert a small paper wedge under the glass on each pan to allow air to circulate. Stand pans in the sun for 3 days, or until liquid thickens. Stir twice daily. Pour into hot, sterilized jelly glasses and cover with a thin layer of melted paraffin. When the paraffin has hardened, cover the glasses and store. (If you do not have 3 consecutive days of hot sun, the juices will take longer to thicken but the end result will be the same.)
3 pounds rutabagas, peeled, cut into 1-inch cubes 3 tablespoons butter	Cook rutabagas in large pot of boiling salted water until very tender, about 45 minutes. Drain well. Transfer to processor; puree until smooth. Return to pot. Stir over medium heat until any excess liquid evaporates. Add butter; stir until melted. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand uncovered at room temperature. Rewarm over medium heat, stirring often.)
4 1/2 cups pitted fresh (or frozen, thawed) Bing cherries (about 20 ounces) 1 cup brandy or orange juice 1/2 cup sugar	Bring all ingredients to a boil in a large heavy saucepan; reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer until cherries are softened and start to release juices, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer cherries to a medium heatproof bowl. Simmer juices until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 15-20 minutes. Pour reduced syrup over cherries. Serve warm.
2 large egg whites 3 oz Parmigiano-Reggiano, finely grated (1 cup) 6 cups vegetable oil	Beat whites in a bowl with an electric mixer until they just hold stiff peaks. Fold in cheese. Form level teaspoons of batter into balls (about 20). Heat oil in a 4-quart heavy pot until thermometer registers 375°F. Fry balls in 2 batches, turning them, until golden and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer parmesan puffs with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain.
2 cups short-or medium-grain brown rice 1/2 cup pearl barley 3 1/2 cups water	Rinse rice and barley in a medium-mesh sieve, then drain and transfer to a 4- to 5-quart heavy pot. Add water (31/2 cups) and bring to a rolling boil. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, 45 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes, then stir from top to bottom with a rubber spatula.
3 cups fresh tangerine juice (from 10 to 12 large tangerines), chilled 1 (750-ml) bottle sparkling white wine, chilled	Divide juice among 6 stemmed glasses and top off with sparkling wine.
1 1/2 cups whole blanched almonds 1 2/3 cups confectioners sugar 1/4 cup egg whites	In a food processor, grind the almonds into a fine powder, approximately 2 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and blend well. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and with a wooden spoon blend in the egg whites until smooth. On a flat surface lightly dusted with confectioners sugar, roll out the almond paste into a 14" long x 1" round log. Wrap in parchment paper and refrigerate for 1 hour. When rested, cut the log in two. On a smooth clean surface, roll out each piece to double its length, approximately 20 inches. Flatten each roll with your fingertips. Using a knife or a metal spatula, score the tops of the logs with crisscross marks. Coil each log and place on a serving plate. Refrigerate until ready to serve. You can store in a closed container in the refrigerator for one week.
1/2 baguette, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices 1 to 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1 garlic clove, halved crosswise	Put oven rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 350°F. Put bread slices in a large shallow baking pan and brush slices with oil. Season lightly with salt and pepper, then bake until pale golden, about 10 minutes. Rub toasts with cut sides of garlic.
1/4 cup toasted sesame oil 2 tablespoons Korean solar salt or kosher salt Freshly ground pepper	Combine oil and salt in a small bowl; season with pepper.
1 teaspoon vinegar 4 very fresh large eggs	Combine 1 1/2 inches water (about 2 quarts) and vinegar in a wide 3-quart heavy saucepan (preferably about 9 inches wide) and bring to a simmer. Break 1 egg into a small bowl or cup and slide egg into water. Repeat with each remaining egg, spacing them evenly in saucepan, and poach at a bare simmer until whites are firm and yolks are still runny, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer eggs as cooked to paper towels using a slotted spoon.
2 pounds russet (baking) or red potatoes 3 tablespoons unsalted butter 3/4 to 1 cup milk	Peel potatoes and cut into 2-inch pieces. (If using red potatoes, it is not necessary to peel them). In a large heavy saucepan simmer potatoes in salted water to cover by 1 inch 10 minutes, or until tender, and drain in a colander. In pan or bowl combine potatoes, butter, and 3/4 cup milk. With a potato masher mash potatoes until smooth, adding more milk if necessary to make creamy. In pan reheat potatoes over moderately low heat, stirring, and season with salt and pepper.
1 2-pound 3"-4"-thick top sirloin or strip loin roast Gray sea salt and freshly ground black pepper 2 tablespoons olive oil	Preheat oven to 425°F. Season roast generously with gray sea salt and pepper. Heat oil in an ovenproof skillet or a small roasting pan set over high heat. Add roast to skillet and brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer skillet to oven and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into center of roast registers 120°F for medium-rare, 40-50 minutes. Tent with foil; let rest 15 minutes. Thinly slice roast. Arrange on a platter and sprinkle with additional gray sea salt. Serve with Spinach Gunge alongside.
1/4 cup sugar 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder 1 teaspoon almond extract	Cook sugar and 1/4 cup water in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat; add cocoa powder and almond extract and whisk until smooth.
6 leeks, white and pale-green parts only, cut in half lengthwise 1/2 cup olive oil Salt	Place a rimmed baking sheet in oven and preheat to 400°F. Cut 6 leeks, white and pale-green parts only, in half lengthwise. Rinse well and pat completely dry. Toss with 1/2 cup olive oil; season with salt. Arrange leeks, cut side down, on hot baking sheet and cover loosely with foil. Reduce oven temperature to 300°F. Bake until leeks are lightly browned on cut sides and very tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Uncover leeks and turn cut side up. Increase oven temperature to 400°F; roast leeks until golden brown, 15-20 minutes. (Reserve the oil for making vinaigrettes or roasting vegetables. Let cool; cover and chill.)
6 pounds of rhubarb, peeled, diced 1/4 cup water 2 cups sugar	Place the rhubarb and the water in a heavy-bottomed stockpot over medium-high heat. Bring the water to a boil, stir, cover the pot and cook until the rhubarb is beginning to soften and give up its liquid, about 10 minutes. Stir in the sugar, cover partially and continue cooking until the rhubarb is completely melted and soft, checking it from time to time to be sure it isn't sticking to the bottom of the pan, about 40 minutes. Remove the compote from the heat and let cool before serving.
7 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (1000 grams) plus more for shaping dough 4 teaspoons fine sea salt 1/2 teaspoon active dry yeast	Whisk flour, salt, and yeast in a medium bowl. While stirring with a wooden spoon, gradually add 3 cups water; stir until well incorporated. Mix dough gently with your hands to bring it together and form into a rough ball. Transfer to a large clean bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let dough rise at room temperature (about 72°F) in a draft- free area until surface is covered with tiny bubbles and dough has more than doubled in size, about 18 hours (time will vary depending on the temperature in the room). Transfer dough to a floured work surface. Gently shape into a rough rectangle. Divide into 6 equal portions. Working with 1 portion at a time, gather 4 corners to center to create 4 folds. Turn seam side down and mold gently into a ball. Dust dough with flour; set aside on work surface or a floured baking sheet. Repeat with remaining portions. Let dough rest, covered with plastic wrap or a damp kitchen towel, until soft and pliable, about 1 hour. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Wrap each dough ball separately in plastic wrap and chill. Unwrap and let rest at room temperature on a lightly floured work surface, covered with plastic wrap, for 2-3 hours before shaping.
3 large pink or ruby red grapefruit (4 pounds total), chilled 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste 2 tablespoons Campari, or to taste	Cut peel, including all white pith, from 2 grapefruit with a sharp knife. Cut segments free from membranes, letting them fall into a medium-mesh sieve set over a bowl. Squeeze juice from membranes into sieve, then discard membranes. Transfer grapefruit segments to a heatproof bowl and chill, uncovered, while making syrup. Squeeze juice from remaining grapefruit through sieve into bowl. Stir together 1 cup juice (reserve remainder for another use), 2 tablespoons sugar, and a pinch of salt in a nonreactive 10-inch heavy skillet and boil over moderately high heat, swirling skillet occasionally, until reduced to about 1/2 cup, about 4 minutes. Stir in Campari and sugar to taste, then immediately pour hot syrup over chilled grapefruit. Chill, uncovered, 15 minutes.
3 1/2 cups powdered sugar 2 large egg whites	Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat 3 1/2 cups powdered sugar and 2 large egg whites until white, thickened, and tripled in volume, about 5 minutes. Add water by the tablespoonful until icing no longer holds a peak. Divide icing into smaller bowls and color with food coloring as desired.
a 1/2-pound piece Parmigiano-Reggiano 1 tablespoon aged balsamic vinegar* (preferably aceto balsamico tradizionale extra vecchio *available at some specialty foods shops and by mail order from Dean & DeLuca, tel. (800) 999-0306, ext. 269	With a small knife break parmigiano-reggiano into bite-size chunks and transfer to a plate. Drizzle cheese evenly with 1 1/2 teaspoons vinegar and let stand 15 minutes. Drizzle cheese with remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons vinegar.
1 cup mayonnaise 6 tablespoons sweet pickle relish or or finely chopped bread-and-butter pickles 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice	Mix all ingredients in small bowl. Cover; chill.
Nonstick vegetable oil spray 2 pounds unpeeled russet potatoes or purple potatoes, scrubbed, cut lengthwise into 1/2- to 1/3-inch wedges 2 tablespoons canola oil	Preheat oven to 450°F. Spray large rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Toss potato wedges with canola oil in large bowl. Sprinkle potato wedges generously with salt and pepper; spread in single layer on prepared baking sheet. Roast potato wedges until tender and brown in spots, turning occasionally, about 45 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve.
a 2 1/2-pound piece boneless pork shoulder (do not trim fat) 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 2 cups whole milk	Pat pork dry and season with salt and pepper. In a 4-quart heavy kettle heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown pork on all sides, about 5 minutes total. Carefully add milk and cook pork, covered, at a bare simmer 2 hours. Continue to cook pork, partially covered, at a bare simmer until very tender, about 1 hour. Transfer pork to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes. Season cooking liquid generously with salt and pepper and boil until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Thinly slice pork and transfer to a platter. Skim fat from cooking liquid and spoon liquid over pork.
1/4 cup fraise des bois liqueur 1 tablespoon grenadine 2 (750-ml) bottles demi-sec Champagne, chilled	Stir together liqueur and grenadine and chill, covered, until cold, about 1 hour. Just before serving, divide grenadine mixture among 6 Champagne flutes, then slowly top off with Champagne. Stir gently.
3/4 pound fine-quality bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), chopped 4 three-inch cinnamon sticks 8 cups skim milk	Put chocolate in a heatproof pitcher with cinnamon sticks. Bring milk and a pinch of salt just to a simmer in a 4-quart saucepan. Immediately pour into pitcher and stir until chocolate is melted.
1/2 ounces vodka 1/2 ounce peach schnapps 4 ounces cranberry juice	Pour all the ingredients into a highball glass almost filled with ice cubes. Stir well.
4 ounces honey 4 ounces water	In heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, stir together honey and water until honey dissolves. Increase heat slightly, then simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Refrigerate syrup until cold, about 2 hours. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated.)
2 cups pasteurized heavy cream without thickeners 1/3 cup powdered skim milk 1 lemon, cut in half	1. Read through the recipe and review any terms and techniques you aren't familiar with. Assemble your equipment, supplies, and ingredients, including a dairy or kitchen thermometer; clean and sterilize your equipment as needed and lay it out on clean kitchen towels. 2. In a nonreactive, heavy 2-quart saucepan with a lid, whisk together the cream and powdered milk. Place over low heat and slowly bring to 180°F, stirring constantly to prevent scorching. It should take about 40 minutes to come to temperature. Turn off the heat. 3. Slowly squeeze the juice from half of the lemon into the cream. Switch to a metal spoon and keep stirring; do not use a whisk, as that will inhibit the curd formation. Watch carefully to see if the cream starts to coagulate. You will not see a clean break between curds and whey. Rather, the cream will coat the spoon and you will start to see some flecks of solids in the cream. 4. Add the juice from the remaining lemon half and stir with the spoon to incorporate. Cover the pan and cool the cream in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight. 5. When the cream is firm to the touch, transfer it to a bowl or colander lined with clean, damp butter muslin. Draw the ends together and twist into a ball to squeeze out the excess moisture. This last step will make the mascarpone thick. 6. This cheese is now ready to eat. It has a very short shelf life, so refrigerate what you don't eat immediately and use it within 2 days.
1 to 1 1/2 pounds whole chestnuts in shells Accompaniment: clementines	Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in the middle. Cut an X in rounded side of each chestnut with a small sharp knife. Roast chestnuts, cut side up, in a shallow baking pan until shells curl away from nutmeats, 20 to 30 minutes. Wrap hot chestnuts in a kitchen towel and squeeze gently to further loosen shells. Let stand, wrapped, 5 minutes. Serve immediately.
1 1/2 lb green beans, stem ends trimmed 1 tablespoon olive oil Special equipment: a green-bean frencher (optional)	Force beans, stemmed ends first, through frencher (if using; see cooks' note, below), then diagonally halve crosswise. Blanch beans in a 6-quart pot of ">boiling salted water , uncovered, until crisp-tender, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain beans in a colander and transfer to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking, then drain well. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté beans, stirring, until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.
2 dashes Angostura bitters 2 ounces gin 2 ounces water, or 2 to 3 ice cubes	Pour the bitters into an 8-ounce wine-glass and swill them around it. Add the gin and dilute with water or, if preferred, add the ice cubes.
2 cups shortgrain white rice 2 cups water	Rinse 2 cups shortgrain white rice in a sieve set in a bowl, changing water as needed, until water is just slightly milky. Bring rice and 2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until water is absorbed and rice is tender, 8–10 minutes. Remove from heat; let stand 10 minutes.
2 tablespoons annatto (achiote) seeds 3/4 cup olive oil	Heat annatto seeds and oil in a very small saucepan over low heat, swirling pan frequently, until oil is bright red-orange and begins to simmer, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 10 minutes. Strain annatto oil through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding seeds.
2 pints superpremium vanilla ice cream 6 tablespoons blackberry brandy 4 chilled 12-ounce bottles stout, such as oatmeal stout, chocolate-style beer, or Guinness	Divide ice cream among 6 (16-ounce) glasses, then add 1 tablespoon brandy to each. Slowly pour 8 ounces stout into each glass.
6 (11 1/2-oz) cans peach nectar, chilled 1/2 cup fresh lime juice, or to taste 3 limes, halved	Stir together peach nectar, lime juice, and lime halves and serve over ice.
20 small radishes with leafy tops	Trim radish tops, leaving 2 inches of stems with leaves attached. Trim roots, then wash radishes, cleaning well around stem end. Holding onto stem end of 1 radish and working with a sharp paring knife, carve a 1/8-inch-thick slice down one side, starting at root end, following shape of radish, and ending within 1/4 inch of stem to form a "petal" (do not cut all the way through). Make 2 more cuts around radish, turning it each time and leaving an equal amount of space between cuts, for a total of 3 petals. Repeat with remaining radishes. Soak radishes in a large bowl of ice and cold water at least 1 hour (to open "flowers"). Transfer radishes to paper towels to drain.
1 quart buttermilk 4 teaspoon kosher salt 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper	Combine 1 quart buttermilk, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, and 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Add chicken and chill at least 4 hours or overnight. Drain before using.
6 large navel oranges, peeled and coarsely chopped, discarding tough membranes 1 (750-ml) bottle Chianti or other Italian red wine	Divide oranges among 12 (5-to 8-ounces) juice glasses and top with wine. Let stand 5 minutes.
3 heads of garlic, cloves peeled 1 1/2 cups (or more) grapeseed oil	Preheat oven to 250°F. Place garlic and oil in a small saucepan (add more oil if cloves aren't submerged). Cover and bake until cloves are golden and tender, about 2 hours. Let cool; transfer garlic and oil to an airtight container and chill.
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper plus more	Using a wooden spoon, mix butter until smooth and creamy. Mix in salt and pepper. Season with more salt and pepper to taste. DO AHEAD: Butter can be made 2 days ahead.
3 ounces (85 g) coarsely chopped dark chocolate 1/4 cup (2 fl oz / 60 ml) boiling water	Put the chocolate in a small bowl or 2-cup glass measuring cup. Pour the boiling water over the chocolate and stir until smooth and the chocolate is melted. If you have an immersion blender, use it to fully emulsify the mixture. The ganache can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Reheat gently in a microwave before using.
1 cup dried adzuki beans, picked over, rinsed, soaked overnight in cold water to cover, and drained 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar 1/2 teaspoon salt	1. Put the soaked beans in a medium- size, heavy pot, cover them with water to a depth of 2 inches, and bring to a boil. Boil the beans for 5 minutes, then drain them through a colander and rinse. Repeat. After the second boil-drain-rinse cycle, cover the beans a third time, this time with 3 cups cold water. Let the beans simmer, uncovered, skimming off any foam that accumulates, until they're tender, 30 minutes to 1 hour. 2. At this point, there should still be plenty of liquid along with the beans in the pot. They need not be covered completely, but they should be, as I say, swimming. If not, add another cup or so of hot water. Stir in the brown sugar and salt and keep simmering the beans gently, stirring them often. 3. Using a potato masher, begin breaking up the cooking beans into a chunky, thick, pastelike mash, stirring more and more often after this point to prevent sticking. Continue simmering until most, but not all, of the liquid has evaporated; the beans will continue to thicken, absorbing water as they cool. Remove the mashed beans from the heat and set aside. If you want a smooth puree, let the anko cool slightly, then run it through a food processor. Store it, tightly covered, in the fridge for up to a week.
1-1/2 pounds lightly chilled peaches, skinned and pitted 2 to 3 teaspoons orange flower water Mint springs for garnish	Slice the peaches into one-quarter inch thick slices and arrange them nicely in a shallow serving dish. Drizzle them with orange flower water, and garnish with the mint sprigs. Serve immediately.
2 teaspoons granulated garlic 1 teaspoon smoked Spanish paprika 1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, toasted in a dry skillet	In a small bowl, combine all the ingredients and mix well. The rub will keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months but you shouldn't have any left over.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 tablespoons peach nectar 2 tablespoons peach liqueur (such as Mathilde Pêches) 1 cup (about) chilled Prosecco	Pour 1 tablespoon peach nectar and 1 tablespoon peach liqueur into each of 2 Champagne glasses. Fill glasses with Prosecco and serve.
6 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), chopped 1 1/2 cups whipping cream	Place chocolate in small bowl. Bring cream to boil in heavy small saucepan. Pour cream over chocolate; whisk until smooth. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cool, then cover and chill. Before serving, rewarm in saucepan over low heat, stirring often.)
three 1 1/2-inch-thick porterhouse steaks (each about 2 to 2 1/4 pounds) 3 tablespoons mixed whole peppercorns (see above note) 1 1/2 teaspoons coarse salt	Prepare grill. Let steaks stand at room temperature 30 minutes. With a mortar and pestle or bottom of a heavy skillet coarsely crush peppercorns and in a small bowl combine with salt. Pat steaks dry and rub seasoning onto both sides of steaks, pressing to adhere. Grill steaks on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 7 to 9 minutes on each side, or until an instant-read thermometer registers 130°F. for medium-rare. (Alternatively, steaks may be broiled on rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from heat.) Transfer steaks to a platter and let stand 10 minutes. Serve steaks sliced.
3/4 to 1 ounce green crème de menthe 1 1/2 to 2 ounces vodka 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir thoroughly. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
4 pounds clams (such as littlenecks) Spiced Paprika Butter Celery leaves	Grill 4 pounds clams (such as littlenecks) over medium-high heat, covered, until they pop open, about 4 minutes; discard closed clams. Toss with Spiced Paprika Butter and top with celery leaves.
1 cup sugar 1/2 cup chopped fresh rosemary or mint	1. Bring 1 cup to boil in a small saucepan over low heat and add the sugar and herb. Boil until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 2 minutes. 2. Strain through a colander into a bowl. 3. Let the syrup cool and combine with the fruit. 4. Serve immediately or store for us to 1 month in the refrigerator.
a 1/2 pound russet (baking) potato a 9-ounce box frozen artichoke hearts, thawed and chopped 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter	In a small saucepan combine the potato, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch pieces, with enough cold water to cover it by 1 inch and simmer it, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until it is very tender. While the potato is cooking, in a small skillet cook the artichoke hearts in the butter with salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring, until they are very tender. Drain the potato, return it to the pan, and cook it covered, over moderate heat, shaking the pan, for 30 seconds, or until excess liquid is evaporated. Force the artichoke mixture and the potato through a food mill fitted with a medium disk into a bowl, discarding the solids, and season the purée with salt and pepper.
1 cup (packed) shredded Asiago cheese or Parmesan, Romano, and Asiago cheese blend (about 4 ounces) 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper	Preheat oven to 350°F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Mix cheese, black pepper, and cayenne in small bowl. Spoon cheese mixture by generous tablespoonfuls in 6 mounds on each prepared baking sheet, spacing 3 inches apart. Using fingers, spread each mound evenly to 2 1/2-inch round. Bake frico until deep golden and crisp, about 12 minutes. Remove from oven. Slide parchment with frico onto work surface and cool 5 minutes. Slide thin metal spatula under frico to loosen. Cool frico completely on parchment. Frico can be prepared 1 day ahead. Store airtight in single layer at room temperature.
Allow 2 medium eggs per person for an appetizer or light snack, or 3 medium eggs per person for a main course 3 tbsp (40g) butter	Melt butter in a shallow, heavy pan set on a heat diffuser over low heat, or in a bain-marie. Break eggs into a bowl and beat very lightly with a fork. Tip into the pan with the hot, melted butter and stir. Cook over low heat, stirring gently and more or less constantly with a wooden spoon. It will take 3 to 4 minutes for the eggs to become just set, but very creamy. (If using a bain-marie, allow about 6 minutes.) If you prefer firmer, dryer scrambled eggs, cook for another 2 minutes. When the eggs are scrambled to your liking, add 2 tbsp light or heavy cream or a little bit of butter, and season with salt and pepper. Scrambled eggs are best served immediately.
4 sheets nori (dried seaweed sheets) 2 teaspoons (about) Asian sesame oil Coarse kosher salt	Brush both sides of nori with sesame oil. Sprinkle nori lightly with salt. Grill nori until edges begin to curl, about 5 seconds per side. Pile sheets on work surface. Using scissors, cut nori lengthwise in half. Cut each half crosswise into 4 rectangles.
2 large russet (baking) potatoes (1 1/2 lb total) About 6 cups vegetable oil Special equipment: a food processor fitted with fine (2-mm) julienne disk or a mandoline fitted with julienne cutter; a deep-fat thermometer	Peel potatoes and cut lengthwise into 1/8-inch-thick julienne in processor or with mandoline. Transfer as cut to a bowl of ice and cold water and let chill in water at least 30 minutes. Heat 1 1/4 inches oil in a 6- to 7-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until thermometer registers 375°F. While oil heats, drain potatoes and pat completely dry between several layers of paper towels. Fry potatoes in 6 batches, gently stirring once or twice with a slotted spoon or skimmer, until golden and crisp, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes per batch. Transfer potatoes with slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and season with salt. (Return oil to 375°F between batches.)
3 slices from a white country-style loaf 2 1/4 cups extra-virgin olive oil	Cut the bread into 1/2-inch squares. Put a deep pan over medium heat, then add the oil. When the oil is hot, fry in the cubes in batches for 6-8 minutes, until golden brown and crisp. Lift the croutons out of the oil with a slotted spoon. Transfer onto paper towels, and let drain. Serve warm or cold.
3/4 cup heavy cream 1/3 cup light corn syrup 8 ounces bittersweet (60% cacao) chocolate, chopped	Bring cream and corn syrup to a simmer, stirring, then remove from heat. Add chocolate and stir until it melts and sauce is smooth. Serve warm.
1 ounce gin 1 ounce kümmel 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
5 cups (about 14 ounces) finely grated Parmesan cheese 4 teaspoons smoked paprika* Nonstick vegetable oil spray	Toss cheese and paprika in large bowl. Spray small nonstick skillet with nonstick spray. Place over medium-low heat. Drop 1/4 cup cheese mixture in mound in center of skillet. Spread to 3- to 4-inch round. Cook until completely melted, bubbling all over, and browning at edges, about 1 1/2 minutes. Remove pan from heat; let stand until bubbling stops. Loosen edges and turn frico over. Return pan to medium-low heat and cook frico until golden on bottom, about 1 minute. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Repeat with remaining cheese mixture. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.
1/2 cup heavy cream 8 ounces fine-quality semisweet chocolate (preferably Belgian or French), chopped	In a small heavy saucepan heat cream over moderately low heat until hot and stir in chocolate until melted. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Reheat sauce inn top of a double boiler over barely simmering water.
2 pound large unripe (green) plantains (about 3) About 2 cups vegetable oil 2 cups warm water	Cut ends from each plantain with a sharp small knife, then cut a lengthwise slit through peel. Cut plantains crosswise into 1-inch-thick pieces and, beginning at slit, pry off peel. Heat 1/2 inch oil in a deep 10- to 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until just hot enough to sizzle when a piece of plantain is added. Fry plantains in 2 batches, turning occasionally with tongs, until tender and just golden, 5 to 7 minutes per batch. Transfer plantains to paper towels to drain, reserving oil in skillet. Flatten each plantain to 1/4 inch thick with a tostone press or bottom of a heavy saucepan. Stir together warm water and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Heat reserved oil over medium heat until it shimmers. Dip a flattened plantain in salted water and gently place, without patting dry, in hot oil. (Plantains will not spatter.) Repeat with several more pieces and fry plantains (without crowding) in 4 or 5 batches, turning occasionally, until golden, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer with tongs to clean paper towels to drain. Season with salt and serve immediately.
1 1/2 cups (175 g) finely ground chocolate cookie crumbs 5 to 8 tablespoons (70 to 115 g) unsalted butter, melted	Preheat the oven to 350°F (175°C). Crumble the cookies into the work bowl of a food processor and process until finely ground. Alternatively, you can put them in a bag and whack them with a rolling pin until finely crushed. Pour the butter into the crumbs and mix (hands are best for this) until the butter is fully incorporated and the texture is that of wet sand. Firmly press the crumbs against the sides of a 9-inch (23-cm) pie pan, then against the bottom of the pan (the underside of a measuring cup works well for smoothing the bottom crust). Chill the crust for at least 15 minutes to help prevent it from crumbling when serving. Bake the crust for 10 minutes, or until fragrant. Remove it and allow it to cool before filling.
1 cup olive oil 24 garlic cloves, peeled	Heat oil in small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add garlic; cook over very low heat until soft, about 1 hour (do not brown). DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 month ahead. Keep chilled and completely covered in oil. Always use clean spoon to remove garlic.
2 cups coarse fresh bread crumbs (preferably from a baguette) 1/4 cup nut oil	Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in upper third. Bake bread crumbs in a shallow baking pan until golden, about 10 minutes. Toss with oil and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice 1 teaspoon lemon marmellata (marmalade) or a generous pinch of grated lemon zest 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, preferably Tuscan	Whisk the lemon juice, marmellata, and olive oil together in a small bowl. (The vinaigrette can be refrigerated for up to 3 days.)
1 (7 lb.) standing rib roast	You have choices about the temperature at which you roast. For rare meat you can either cook the beef at the highest possible temperature for 15 minutes and then turn it down to 350°F and cook for 15 minutes per lb (I still find it easier to calculate the cooking time of meat per lb) or at 425°F throughout for 15 minutes per lb, which is what I tend to do. Think of 15 minutes per lb as about 33 minutes for every 2lbs. I usually do 15 minutes per lb and then add on an extra 5 minutes so that those who don't like rare meat have a bit of slightly more cooked beef from the ends. Those who don't like blood don't have to get it: the rest of us gratifyingly do. If you want it medium rare, I should reckon on 20 minutes per pound or 44 minutes for every 2lbs. However you cook it, the thing that really matters is that you let the meat rest properly. Cover it loosely with aluminum foil and leave it for at least 15 minutes and up to 35 minutes on its board. Not that I mind even longer, actually.
5 ice cubes, slightly crushed 4 cups cubed ripe cantaloupe 1/4 cup fresh orange juice	Place crushed ice in a blender. Add the melon and orange juice. Blend until slushy-smooth, about 10 seconds. Serve slush immediately in glasses with slices of melon on the side.
1/2 cup crushed ice 2-3 ounces Scotch (or bourbon or brandy) Twist of lemon peel	Pack the ice in an Old-fashioned glass, pour in the spirits, twist the peel over the drink to release the oil, then drop it in.
2 14-ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk 1 1/2 cups (packed) golden brown sugar 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt	Whisk coconut milk, sugar, and coarse salt in heavy large skillet over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to medium-high and boil until mixture is reduced to 2 1/2 cups, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Transfer sauce to small jars. Cool completely, then cover sauce and chill. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 month ahead. Keep chilled.
1 pound strawberries, trimmed (3 cups) 2 tablespoons sugar if berries are not sweet 2 cups white balsamic vinegar	Pulse berries with sugar (if using) in a food processor until finely chopped and very juicy. Transfer to a bowl and add vinegar. Let stand 1 hour. Strain vinegar thourough a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids.
2 large oranges, 1/4 inch of top and bottom cut off 4 cups sugar, divided 3 cups water	Cut peel on each orange into 4 vertical segments. Remove each segment (including white pith) in 1 piece. Cut into 1/4-inch-wide strips. Cook in large pot of boiling water 15 minutes; drain, rinse, and drain again. Bring 3 cups sugar and 3 cups water to boil in medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add peel. Return to boil. Reduce heat; simmer until peel is very soft, about 45 minutes. Drain. Toss peel and 1 cup sugar on rimmed baking sheet, separating strips. Lift peel from sugar; transfer to sheet of foil. Let stand until coating is dry, 1 to 2 days. DO AHEAD: Wrap and freeze up to 2 months.
1 tablespoon unsalted butter 8 large eggs	In an 11 1/2- to 12-inch non-stick skillet heat the butter over low heat until it is melted and crack the eggs, 1 at a time, into a small bowl, adding them as they are cracked to the skillet. Cook the eggs, covered, for 3 minutes, remove the cover, and cook the eggs for 4 minutes more, or until the yolks are set.
1 cup (packed) light brown sugar 1 cup mirin 1 cup reduced-sodium soy sauce	Bring all ingredients to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat and gently simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, 40–50 minutes; let cool. DO AHEAD: Teriyaki sauce can be made 1 month ahead. Store airtight and chill.
1 (12-inch) length thin baguette (about 2 inches in diameter) 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1 scant tablespoon coarse sea salt (preferably flaky)	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Cut baguette with a serrated knife on a long diagonal into 3/4-inch-thick slices (about 5 to 6 inches long). Cut a lengthwise slit about 3 inches long from center through edge of a slice, then cross ends, overlapping them, to form a "claw." Repeat with remaining slices. Brush both sides of slices with oil and arrange in 1 layer on a large baking sheet, then sprinkle with sea salt. Bake until crisp and golden, about 15 minutes. Cool on a rack.
2 tablespoons sugar 1/8 teaspoon cinnamon 4 Braeburn apples, sliced crosswise into 1/8-inch-thick rounds	1. Heat oven to 225 degrees. Mix sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. Arrange apple slices on 2 baking sheets lined with parchment paper; sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Bake 1 hour; peel apples off parchment and return to paper. Continue baking until golden and crisp, 30 minutes more. Store in an airtight container up to 5 days.
1 tablespoon salt 2 cups uncovered long-grain rice	In a large saucepan bring 5 quarts water to a boil with the salt. Sprinkle in the rice, stirring until the water returns to a boil, and boil it for 10 minutes. Drain the rice in a large colander and rinse it. Set the colander over a large saucepan of boiling water and steam the rice, covered with a kitchen towel and the lid, for 15 minutes, or until it is fluffy and dry.
1 pint local, seasonal strawberries 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar (or more, if you want to be really Italian) 1/2 cup quality wine (red, white or sparkling)	Clean the berries. Split or slice them into a bowl. Sprinkle with sugar. Add wine, stir, and marinate for at least 10 minutes. Serve immediately. Lengthy soaking results in soggy berries.
1 1/8 lb/510 g fresh sour cherries (or black currants or jagody) 25 oz/750 ml clear vodka 1 to 2 tbsp sugar (optional)	Pit and halve the cherries. As in all vodka recipes, it is important that the flesh of the fruit be somehow exposed. Fill a jar with the cherries, but do not pack it. Pour the vodka on top and seal tightly. Leave in a dark place, preferably for at least 2 weeks—or up to 6 months. At the end of that time, open the jar and strain. If you have a very fine-mesh strainer, that will do. If not, use an ordinary strainer lined with a cheesecloth or even a coffee filter. Set the strainer over a large bowl, ideally one from which you'll be able to easily pour afterward. Pour the vodka mixture through the strainer and allow the fruit to sit, seeping liquid, for a good hour or so, stirring a bit and pressing if need be to make the liquid go through. Now taste the vodka. Add sugar if you want an after-dinner liqueur, or leave it out if you want something sharper. Pour (or ladle) into a decorative bottle.
3 pints strawberries, hulled 1/2 cup sugar cubes (important to use sugar cubes; it's the best sugar for jam, according to my mother)	Cook berries in a heavy pan over low heat, stirring every 15 minutes, until jamlike in consistency, about 3 hours. Add sugar, using more (up to 3/4 cup) if you like your jam sweeter, and stir until dissolved. Transfer jam to a jar, let cool and refrigerate. It's a fresh jam, so keep it refrigerated for no more than 2 weeks. Makes about 3 1/2 cups.
1 cup chilled heavy whipping cream 2 tablespoons brandy 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar	Using electric mixer, beat whipping cream, brandy, and sugar in large bowl until soft peaks form. Cover and chill up to 6 hours.
0.14 gram (one-third of 1/8 teaspoon) active dry yeast or 0.42 gram fresh yeast, broken into small pieces 39 grams (2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons) cold tap water 55 grams (1/4 cup plus 3 tablespoons) flour used in dough recipe	Put the yeast in a small bowl, add the water, and whisk vigorously for 30 seconds. The mixture should bubble on top. If it doesn't and the yeast granules float, the yeast is "dead" and should be discarded. Begin again with a fresh amount of yeast and water. Add the flour and stir well with a rubber spatula to combine. The consistency will be quite thick. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and let sit at room temperature for 18 hours. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to cool slightly before using. If you are not using the starter right away, you can store it in the refrigerator, though I suggest keeping it for no more than 8 hours. Bring it to cool room temperature before using.
6 English muffins, left unsplit 3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted Rounded 1/4 teaspoon salt	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Cut muffins crosswise (not horizontally) into 1/3-inch-thick strips. Arrange muffin strips, cut sides down, in 1 layer on a large baking sheet, then brush strips evenly with all of butter. Bake, moving darker toasts to center and paler toasts to edges of sheet, until tops are pale golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Turn slices over and bake until toasts are golden on both sides, about 10 minutes more. Sprinkle buttered sides of toasts with salt, then serve warm or at room temperature.
3 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream 6 tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon peppermint extract	Beat cream, sugar and peppermint extract in large bowl until stiff peaks form.
2 teaspoons Mandarine Napoléon (tangerine) liqueur or Cointreau 6 oz demi-sec Champagne or sparkling wine, chilled Garnish: thin slices of kumquat	Pour liqueur into a Champagne flute and swirl around to coat inside of glass. Top off with Champagne.
1 small or 1/2 large head green cabbage (about 2 pounds), cored 1 cup Vinegar Sauce; , or more to taste Salt (optional)	Finely chop the cabbage by hand or shred it on a mandoline or using the shredding disk of a food processor. Place the cabbage in a large bowl and stir in the Vinegar Sauce. Let stand for 10 minutes, then taste for seasoning, adding salt and/or more sauce as needed.
6 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, melted, slightly cooled Toppings as desired (such as pecan halves; dried tart cherries; thinly sliced dried figs; thinly sliced candied ginger; puffed quinoa or rice; salted, roasted pumpkin seeds; bee pollen; flaky sea salt; and/or demerara sugar)	Turn a rimmed baking sheet over and place a sheet of parchment paper on top. Spoon or pipe quarter-size mounds of chocolate onto parchment, spacing about 2" apart (you should have about 30). Using a small offset spatula or the back of a spoon, spread outward in a circular motion to make silver-dollar-size disks. Top as desired. (You don’t need to use all the toppings on every disk.) Chill until cold and set, 30–35 minutes. Carefully peel candies off of parchment just before serving.
six 1/2-inch-thick slices from a loaf of olive bread or other rustic bread 1 garlic clove if desired extra-virgin olive oil for brushing toasts	Prepare grill or heat a ridged grill pan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Grill bread in batches on a rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals or in hot grill pan until golden with dark grill marks, about 1 minute on each side. Lightly rub 1 side of each toast with garlic. Brush same side of each toast with oil and season with salt. Cut toasts into serving pieces if desired.
3 pita bread rounds Salt, cumin, and chili powder, to taste Salt and Madras curry powder, to taste	Preheat oven to 350°F. Split 3 whole pita breads into 6 rounds. Stack and cut into 6 wedges. Spread wedges in single layer on baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes. Season chips with salt and Madras curry powder.
2 ounces spirit 2 ounces soda or to taste	A matter of preference, naturally. A ratio of 2 ounces spirit to 2 ounces soda is a good place to start if you truly want to savor the base spirit in all its glory. If it's too much, add soda 1 ounce at a time until it suits your taste. Measure along the way and make a note of your preference so that you'll always know just how much to pour.
a 3-pound corned beef brisket 2 tablespoons bottled horseradish 2 tablespoons Dijon-style mustard	In a kettle combine the corned beef with enough cold water to cover it by 2 inches, bring the water just to a boil, skimming the froth, and simmer the corned beet, covered, for 3 hours, or until it is tender. (Do not let the cooking liquid boil.) Remove the kettle from the heat and let the corned beef stand in the cooking liquid 20 minutes. In a small bowl stir together the horseradish and the mustard. Transfer the corned beef to a cutting board and with a sharp knife remove all but a very thin layer of fat. Cut the corned beef across the grain into 1/4-inch-thick slices and serve it with the sauce.
24 (1-inch) red or white boiling onions 12 beets (preferably mixed red and golden; 4 lb), trimmed, leaving 1 inch of stems attached	Preheat oven to 475°F. Blanch onions in a large pot of boiling water 1 minute, then drain. Trim and peel. Tightly wrap onions and beets in double layers of foil to make 5 packages (2 of onions and 3 of beets) and roast until tender, 30 to 40 minutes for onions and about 1 hour for beets. When beets and onions are cool enough to handle, discard foil. Slip off skins and stems from beets and cut into wedges.
3 medium red beets, peeled, quartered 1/2 cup sugar	Bring beets and 3 cups water to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium-low heat; cook until beets have lost their vibrant red color and liquid is reduced by about one-third, 25–30 minutes. Remove beets with a slotted spoon. Add sugar to beet liquid and simmer, swirling pan occasionally, until very deep red and reduced to about 1 cup, 10–15 minutes. Let dye cool before using.
2 teaspoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin) 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt 1/2 lb small (1 1/2-inch) white or Yukon Gold potatoes (about 5), scrubbed well	Preheat oven to 425°F. Stir together oil and salt in a small shallow baking dish or pie plate. Add potatoes and rub with oil mixture to coat. Roast potatoes in middle of oven until tender when pierced with a sharp paring knife, 30 to 35 minutes.
4 small red potatoes 1 teaspoon olive oil 1 teaspoon coarse salt	Preheat oven to 475°F. Rinse potatoes and dry well with paper towels. Rub potatoes with oil. Cut each potato in half and sprinkle cut sides with salt. Put potatoes on a baking rack and let stand 10 minutes so salt can draw some water out of potatoes. Bake potatoes on the baking rack (not on a baking sheet) on middle rack of oven until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Increase temperature to 500°F. and bake potatoes until puffed and golden, about 5 minutes more.
3 cups water 2 1/2 tablespoons fine-quality jasmine tea leaves 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar	In a small saucepan bring water to a boil. Add tea leaves and remove pan from heat. Cover pan and steep tea 5 minutes. Add sugar, stirring until dissolved, and strain tea through a fine sieve into a bowl. Chill tea, covered, until cold and freeze in an ice-cream maker. Sorbet may be made 1 week ahead.
4 small vine-ripened tomatoes (about 1 pound), sliced 1 large cucumber, peeled and sliced freshly ground black pepper	Arrange vegetables on plates and season with salt and pepper.
A 1 3/4-pound cantaloupe, seeded and cut into 1/2-inch pieces (about 2 cups), plus cantaloupe slices for garnish 1 tablespoon chopped crystallized ginger 1 pint vanilla frozen yogurt or ice cream	In a blender, blend the cantaloupe pieces, the ginger, and the frozen yogurt until the mixture is smooth. Pour the mixture into chilled glasses and garnish it with cantaloupe slices.
3 ounces spiced pumpkin vodka 1 ounce Amaretto Garnish: toasted pumpkin seeds	For pumpkin seeds: Heat a large heavy skillet over moderate heat until hot. Toast pumpkin seeds, stirring constantly, until they expand and begin to pop, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer seeds to a plate to cool.
1 cup sugar 3/4 cup water 1 cup boiling water	Combine the sugar and the 3/4 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 12 to 15 minutes. Stir continuously with a spoon or wire whisk. Have the 1 cup boiling water ready on a back burner. When the caramel sauce begins to bubble and turn very dark brown, move the pan to a cool burner. Stirring continuously, drizzle in only enough boiling water to slightly thin out the syrup 1 to 2 tablespoons. (This will ensure that the sauce doesn't become too thick later.) Let the sauce cool before transferring to a jar with a tight-fitting lid.
1/2 pineapple 1/4 cup crumbled Cotija or feta cheese 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper	Cut 1/2 pineapple lengthwise into 8 wedges and cut core from each wedge; remove skin, if desired. Dividing evenly, sprinkle pineapple with 1/4 cup crumbled Cotija or feta cheese and 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper.
2 cups of long grain rice 3 cups cold water	Wash rice in small amount of cold water, rubbing the grains between the palms. Rinse with cold water until water is clear. Drain. Put rice in 1 1/2 quart sauce pan. Add cold water. Bring to a boil. Lower heat until pan can be covered without boiling over. Cook covered 15 to 20 minutes, until water is all absorbed. Fluff rice with chopsticks or fork. Cover and allow to stand in a warm spot until serving.
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons fine durum wheat flour or all-purpose flour plus more for dusting 1 cup semolina flour (pasta flour) Fine durum wheat flour is available at natural foods stores and some specialty foods stores. Semolina flour is available at Italian markets, specialty foods stores, and some supermarkets.	Combine durum wheat flour and semolina flour in a large bowl. Bring a small saucepan of water to a bare simmer. Add 2/3 cup hot water to flours and mix with a fork until mixture just comes together. Turn out dough onto a surface lightly dusted with durum wheat flour and knead until smooth and elastic, 8-10 minutes (alternatively, using a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, mix on low speed, about 5 minutes). Wrap tightly in plastic wrap; let sit 1 hour at room temperature. DO AHEAD: Pasta dough can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap tightly and chill.
2 cups sugar 2 cups water	Place the sugar and water in a pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer gently until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Cool syrup to room temperature. Use immediately or refrigerate indefinitely in a covered container until needed.
2 bananas 1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate morsels 1/2 cup nuts (peanuts, almonds, cashews, etc)	Chop the banana into 1-inch thick slices. Place the chocolate morsels in the microwave for about 50 seconds, until melted and smooth. Finely chop the nuts. Dip the banana slices in the the melted chocolate, then the chopped nuts, and place on a dish in the freezer for 30 minutes. Note: You can also serve these as is without freezing them!
3 cups chilled strained fresh orange juice (about 9 oranges) 1 chilled 750-ml bottle Champagne	
6 large plum tomatoes, each cut into 4 wedges 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar	Place tomatoes in large bowl. Whisk oil and vinegar in small bowl to blend. Season dressing with salt and pepper. Pour over tomatoes and toss gently to coat.
1-1/2 teaspoons (5 grams) minced garlic 1/4 cup (55 grams) extra virgin olive oil	Combine the garlic and oil in a small bowl. Cover and store in the refrigerator for a day or two.
1 cup sugar 3 cups blueberries, picked over 2 cups vodka	Rinse a heat-proof 2-quart jar with boiling water, drain it, and combine sugar, blueberries and vodka in it. Seal jar tightly and let cordial stand in a cool, dark place, shaking the jar occasionally, for two months. Strain the cordial through a very fine sieve, lined with a triple thickness of rinsed and squeezed cheesecloth, into a bowl and transfer it to a decanter. Serve the cordial as an after-dinner drink or with tonic over ice as a cocktail.
2 cups domestic Parmesan cheese, processed to a powder	Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle enough Parmesan cheese to just cover the bottom of the pan (for a 9-inch pan, use about 3-4 tablespoons cheese). When it is golden brown — which can take less than 1 minute — use a pair of tongs to grab the edge and gently lift it out of the pan. Turn and cook the other side briefly. Blot excess oil on a paper towel. Working quickly, shape the frico on a rolling pin to form a cylinder, oraround the base of a cup to form a basket. Serve alone as an assaggino — the little morsel you offer guests when theyarrive.
1 cup sugar 1/2 cup water	Bring sugar and water to a simmer in a small saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then simmer 5 minutes. Cool syrup completely.
2 cups coarse sea salt or kosher salt 1 (1 1/4-pound) center-cut piece salmon fillet	Spread salt evenly in a dry 10-inch heavy skillet (preferably cast-iron) and heat over moderately high heat until salt is hot to the touch and just beginning to smoke, about 4 minutes. Pat salmon dry and season flesh with salt and pepper, then put, skin side down, on salt. Cook salmon, covered, without turning, until almost cooked through, 8 to 12 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, until salmon is just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Slide a spatula between salmon skin and flesh and transfer salmon to a platter (salmon skin will be too salty to eat).
6 large baking potatoes (about 4 1/2 pounds), peeled, cut crosswise into thirds 7 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided	Place potatoes in heavy large pot. Cover with cold water. Boil over medium-high heat until potatoes are tender when pierced with fork, about 40 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 1/2 cups potato cooking liquid. Return potatoes to dry pot. Stir over medium heat until any excess liquid evaporates. Add 6 tablespoons olive oil and mash until almost smooth. Mix in enough potato cooking liquid as needed to moisten. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm over medium heat, adding more reserved cooking water as needed to moisten.) Transfer potatoes to large bowl. Drizzle with remaining tablespoon olive oil and serve.
1 cup Campari 4 cups shaved ice (made with the grater blade of a food processor)	Chill Campari in a small pitcher. Using an ice cream scoop, pack approximately 1 cup shaved ice into a paper snow cone cup (or cocktail glass), then drizzle with a quarter of the chilled Campari. Repeat with remaining ice.
1 (3-oz) piece Parmigiano-Reggiano Special equipment: a nonstick bakeware liner such as Silpat	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Line a baking sheet with nonstick liner. Grate 1 cup Parmigiano-Reggiano using large holes of a box grater. Arrange 6 mounds (1 rounded tablespoon each) of cheese 3 inches apart on liner, then flatten each mound lightly with a metal spatula to form a 3-inch round. Bake until golden, 7 to 10 minutes, then transfer crisps with spatula to a rack to cool completely, about 5 minutes. Repeat procedure with remaining cheese to make more crisps.
4 slices thin-cut bacon 4 disposable wooden chopsticks	Preheat the oven to 425°F. Wrap a piece of bacon around each chopstick in a spiral. Place the chopsticks on a rack over a foil-lined baking sheet. Bake until the bacon is brown and crispy, 15-20 minutes. Cool completely before gently removing the chopstick from the bacon.
3 1/4 pounds watermelon, rind removed, cut into 1 1/2-inch blocks 3 ounces crumbled feta 2 large fresh basil leaves, very thinly sliced	Using a small melon baller, scoop out the top of each watermelon block. Divide feta among melon hollows. Top each block with basil.
1/2 cup well-chilled heavy cream 3/4 teaspoon curry powder 2 teaspoons bottled horseradish	In a chilled bowl beat the cream until it holds soft peaks, add the curry powder, the horseradish, and salt to taste, and beat the mixture until it holds stiff peaks. Float spoonfuls of the cream on hot soup.
2 ounces vodka 1 ounce limoncello 1/2 ounce lemon juice	Minding that tennis elbow, shake the ingredients with ice and strain into a cocktail glass. Head back to the court, sport, and never give up on your game.
1 cup water 1 cup sugar	In heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, stir together water and sugar until sugar dissolves. Increase heat slightly, then simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Refrigerate syrup until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated.)
16 dates 1/4-pound hunk of good-quality Parmesan A little good-quality olive oil and arugula leaves or parsley sprigs if you want to be fancy	Cut a slit in each date and remove the pit. With a dull knife cut random hunks of Parmesan (slightly larger than the size of an almond) off your block of cheese. Slip a piece of cheese into each date; if desired, garnish with olive oil and arugula or parsley.
4 cups 1/2-inch pieces fresh rhubarb (from about 1 1/2 pounds) 1 1/2 cups sugar 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice	Combine all ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until rhubarb is tender, stirring occasionally, about 7 minutes. Transfer rhubarb mixture to bowl. Cover and chill until cold, about 2 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep refrigerated.)
6 ounces chilled stout 6 ounces chilled champagne	Pour the stout slowly into a tall glass, and then simply add the champagne.
2 jiggers (3 ounces) Dubonnet 1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) club soda, or to taste Lemon twist	In a large goblet half-filled with ice, pour Dubonnet. Add club soda and lemon twist. Stir.
6 (6-oz) pieces center-cut salmon fillet (about 1 inch thick) with skin 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lime zest 6 tablespoons lime butter sauce	Prepare grill for cooking over medium-hot charcoal (moderate heat for gas). Season salmon all over with salt and pepper, then grill, flesh sides down, on lightly oiled grill rack (covered only if using gas grill) 4 minutes. Turn fillets over and grill (covered only if using gas grill) until just cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes more. Sprinkle fillets with zest and top each with 1 tablespoon lime butter sauce.
2 teaspoons black peppercorns 1/2 lb spaghetti 2 1/2 oz very finely grated Pecorino Romano (3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons) or Parmigiano-Reggiano plus additional for serving	Toast peppercorns in a dry small skillet over moderately high heat, swirling skillet, until fragrant and peppercorns begin to jump, 2 to 3 minutes. Coarsely crush peppercorns with a mortar and pestle or wrap in a kitchen towel and press on peppercorns with bottom of a heavy skillet. Cook spaghetti in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Fill a large glass or ceramic bowl with some hot water to warm bowl. Just before spaghetti is finished cooking, drain bowl but do not dry. Reserve 1/2 cup pasta cooking water, then drain pasta quickly in a colander (do not shake off excess water) and add to warm pasta bowl. Sprinkle 3/4 cup cheese and 3 tablespoons cooking water evenly over spaghetti and toss quickly. If pasta seems dry, toss with some additional cooking water. Divide pasta among 4 plates, then sprinkle with pepper and 2 tablespoons cheese (total). Serve immediately with additional cheese on the side.
1 (9") frozen pie shell, slightly thawed 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, divided 2 pints coffee ice cream	Preheat oven to 350°F. Prick bottom of pie shell all over with a fork. Bake until golden brown and dry, 20–25 minutes. Let cool completely. Melt half of chocolate (1/2 cup) in a medium heatproof bowl set over a medium pot of barely simmering water (bottom of bowl should not touch water), stirring occasionally, or in short bursts in the microwave, stirring in between bursts, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Using the back of a spoon, spread chocolate over bottom and sides of pie shell. Freeze until firm and dry, about 5 minutes. Cut ice cream pints in half with a serrated knife, remove packaging, then cut crosswise into 1" slices. Transfer to a medium bowl and let sit, stirring occasionally, until spreadable but not soupy, 5–10 minutes. Fill pie shell with ice cream; smooth top. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour. Melt remaining 1/2 cup chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl set over a medium pot of barely simmering water (bottom of bowl should not touch water), stirring occasionally, or in short bursts in the microwave, stirring in between bursts, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Using a fork, drizzle over pie. Freeze again until set, about 5 minutes. Transfer pie to a cutting board and let sit 10 minutes before slicing.
1 cup water 1 cup sugar 1 bunch mint	In heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, stir together water and sugar until sugar dissolves. Increase heat slightly, then simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Take pan off heat, add mint leaves, and steep 15 minutes. Strain, then refrigerate syrup until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated.)
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
3 pounds beets (10 to 15 medium) 1/4 cup packed fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves 2 tablespoons unsalted butter	Preheat oven to 475°F. Trim beets, leaving about 1 inch of stems attached. Wrap beets tightly in double layers of foil to make 3 packages and roast until tender, about 1 hour. When beets are cool enough to handle, slip off skins and stems and cut each beet into about 6 wedges. Beets may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Transfer beets to a baking dish and cover with foil. Reduce temperature to 375°F. and reheat beets until heated through, about 20 minutes. While beets are reheating, put parsley in a small bowl and with kitchen shears very coarsely snip. Toss beets with butter, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste.
2 cups whipping cream 3/4 cup strawberry jam 1 pound bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped	Combine cream and jam in heavy large saucepan. Whisk over medium-high heat until jam melts and mixture comes to boil. Add chocolate, remove from heat and whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Refrigerate ganache just until thick enough to spread, whisking occasionally, about 1 hour 15 minutes.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 cup flour 1 egg Corn, grapeseed, or other neutral oil as needed	1. Whisk together the flour, egg, and 1 cup water until very smooth. 2. Heat an 8- or 10-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. When a drop of water skitters across the surface before evaporating, add a little oil—just a teaspoon or so. Ladle about 2 tablespoons of the batter into the skillet and swirl it around so that it forms a thin layer on the bottom of the pan. Pour the excess batter back in the bowl. 3. When the wrapper is just cooked through and the edges lift away from the pan, remove it carefully (you need not turn it over). Repeat with the remaining batter. If you like, keep the wrappers warm, covered, in a 200°F oven, for up to an hour before filling and serving.
2 pounds of cross-cut short ribs, each sliced lengthwise about 1/3" thick Korean BBQ Marinade Scallions, thinly sliced	Place short ribs in a resealable plastic bag; pour Korean BBQ Marinade over. Seal bag; turn to coat and chill 3 hours. Let come to room temperature before grilling. Drain and pat dry with paper towels. Build a medium fire in a charcoal grill, or heat a gas grill to medium-high. Grill 2-3 minutes per side, or until just cooked through. Transfer to a platter and let rest 5-10 minutes. Garnish with thinly sliced scallions.
4 swordfish steaks (7 ounces each) 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil 4 medium bell peppers, 2 red or orange and 2 yellow	Coat each fish with 1/2 tablespoon of the oil and freshly ground black pepper. Set aside while you prepare the peperonata. Cut the peppers into long, thin strips, no more than 1/4" wide, making sure to remove all of the seeds. In a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Add the pepper strips, 1/2 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, and 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring occasionally, until the peppers are soft and lightly browned, about 20 minutes. Remove the peppers from the heat and set aside. Heat an iron-ribbed grill pan or nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Add the fish and cook on both sides, about 3 minutes per side, until the fish is browned on the outside and moist inside. Meanwhile, briefly warm the peppers. Serve the fish with the warm peperonata on top. **nutritionist's note:**The olive oil in this dish gives the peppers a nutritional boost. Fat allows your body to better absorb the beta-carotene found in bell peppers.
Assorted fresh red chiles	Preheat oven to 150ºF. Arrange chiles in a single layer on a large rimmed baking sheet and roast until thoroughly dried out (they should still be slightly pliable when warm), 12–16 hours.
4-6 ounces chilled dry white wine 2 or 3 ice cubes Chilled club soda	Pour the wine into a collins glass or large goblet, add the ice cubes and fill with soda. Stir gently. For a more festive drink, carefully peel the rind from a lemon in an unbroken spiral, drip into a collins glass, and add the wine and soda as above.
3/4 cup sugar 4 cups (about 1 1/2 pounds) finely diced fresh pineapple, divided 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice	Bring sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Chill syrup until cold, about 1 hour. Purée syrup and 2 cups pineapple in a food processor until smooth. Set a fine-mesh strainer over a medium pitcher; strain, pressing on solids to extract purée. Stir in lime juice and remaining 2 cups pineapple. Divide among molds. Cover; insert ice-pop sticks. Freeze until firm. Dip bottoms of molds into hot water for 20-30 seconds to loosen pops. Remove pops and serve.
4 pounds meaty pork spareribs 2 tablespoons salt 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper	Preheat oven to 350°F.
1 pint fresh strawberries, hulled and coarsely chopped 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar, preferably raw cane 1 cup unsweetened pineapple juice	Combine the strawberries and sugar in a small bowl and let sit for about 20 minutes, until the mixture is very wet. Combine the mixture with the pineapple juice in a blender or food processor and purée. Set a strainer over a small bowl and scrape the purée into the strainer, so that the liquid drains into the bowl below. Stir the purée gently as it strains to get as much liquid as possible without forcing any solids into the strained liquid. Discard the solids, reserving the liquid. You should have about 2 cups. The purée can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 1 day, but is best if used immediately.
1/2 pound bacon 1/4 cup water 1/4 cup cider vinegar	In a large skillet cook bacon over moderate heat until crisp and with tongs transfer to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from skillet. Add water and vinegar and simmer, whisking constantly, 1 minute. Crumble bacon and add to dressing with salt and pepper to taste just before using.
1 pound (450 grams) sifted all-purpose flour (farina 00) 5 medium or large eggs, or 4 extra-large or jumbo extra flour for dusting and adjusting	Hand method: Sift the flour onto a large wooden board. Form the flour into a mound with the approximate profile of Mount Fuji. Form your hand into a loose fist, and, with the back of the fingers, gently ream out the center of the mound until you have something that resembles a low, broad volcano with a very deep crater. Italian cooks call this a fountain, fontana, for the pool of liquid in the center, but it's definitely a cone. Break all the eggs into the crater one by one. Pierce the yolks with a fork and begin gingerly to use the fork to incorporate them into the flour with a movement something like scrambling eggs. Incorporate the liquid from the center outward. The walls of the crater will keep the liquid from running out. When the liquid has absorbed enough flour that you now have a messy, wet dough surrounded by flour, knock what's left of the volcano in toward the center and begin to knead with your hands to incorporate the rest of the flour into the dough. Scrape up all the remaining flour and the dough bits and squeeze them into the dough.
Ice cubes 2 teaspoons amaretto Champagne, Prosecco, or Cava	Place a few ice cubes in a flute. Top with amaretto, then fill glass with Champage, Prosecco from Italy, or Cava from Spain.
1/2 cup Morton kosher salt 3 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper	Combine all ingredients in a bowl; mix well. Store rub in an airtight container.
12 sun-dried pappadams* (Indian wafers, sometimes called papads) in assorted flavors such as tandoori and Madras-spiced about 5 cups vegetable oil if frying *available at East Indian markets, some specialty foods shops	To fry pappadams: In a heavy kettle heat 1 1/2 inches oil over moderate heat until it registers 365° F. on a deep-fat thermometer and fry pappadams until crisp and golden, 2 or 3 seconds. With tongs transfer pappadams to paper towels to drain briefly.
6 ounces chilled Bass or other pale ale or lager 6 ounces chilled canned draft-style Guinness stout	Pour Bass into a 12-to 16-ounce tall glass. Holding a bent spoon right above Bass, slowly pour Guinness over spoon into glass.
2 ounces gin 2 ounces Rose's lime juice 2 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass. Serves 1. This recipe may also be prepared without ice, although this is unusual today. If fresh-squeezed lime juice is preferred, add 1 teaspoon sugar to 2 ounces lime juice.
1 1/4 pound fresh sour cherries (4 cups), pitted 3/4 cup sugar 1/4 cup water	Boil cherries, sugar, water, and a pinch of salt in a heavy medium saucepan, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Strain thourough a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, pressing gently on and then discarding solids. You should have about 1 cup syrup. If more, boil until reduced. Cool, then chill, covered.
6 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs (about 2 1/4 pounds) Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper 1 tablespoon vegetable oil	Preheat oven to 475°F. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a 12" cast-iron or heavy nonstick skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Nestle chicken in skillet, skin side down, and cook 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-high; continue cooking skin side down, occasionally rearranging chicken thighs and rotating pan to evenly distribute heat, until fat renders and skin is golden brown, about 12 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and cook 13 more minutes. Flip chicken; continue cooking until skin crisps and meat is cooked through, about 5 minutes longer. Transfer to a plate; let rest 5 minutes before serving.
6 dried ancho or pasilla chilies* 6 dried guajillo or pasilla chilies*	Preheat oven to 350°F. Using small sharp knife, cut stems off chilies and discard. Cut chilies open along 1 long side. Discard seeds. Place chilies on baking sheet. Roast until chilies are firm and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Cool. Break chilies into small pieces. Working in batches, finely grind chilies in spice grinder, blender or coffee grinder. (Can be prepared 2 weeks ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.)
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
Dash Angostura bitters 1 1/2 ounces liqueur 1 1/2 ounces liqueur	Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and stir. Pour into a cocktail glass and serve.
Bittersweet, semisweet, milk, or white chocolate, according to recipe	Tempering determines the final gloss, hardness, and contraction of the chocolate. When you melt chocolate, the molecules of fat separate. To put them back together, you temper it. There are a variety of ways to do it. One of the easiest ways is to place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The chocolate will not look as if it has melted because it retains its shape. It should be only slightly warmer than your bottom lip. You may still see lumps in it, but don't worry; the residual heat of the chocolate will melt them. You can also use an immersion blender to break up the lumps and start the recrystallization process. Usually, the chocolate begins to set (recrystallize) along the side of the bowl. As it begins to crystallize, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate and they will begin the recrystallization process. I like to use a glass bowl because it retains the heat and keeps the chocolate tempered for a long time. Another way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, tempering is achieved by adding small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate but is usually one fourth of the total amount. I usually use an immersion blender to mix the two together. The classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Chocolate is melted over a hot water bath to a temperature between 88°F and 90°F (31°C and 32°C). (White and milk chocolate are melted to a temperature approximately 2°F less, depending on the amount of milk fat they contain.) Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured on a cold table or marble surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until the temperature of the chocolate is approximately 81°F (27°C). At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining one third of nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass in the bowl has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is further worked on the cold table until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess. A simple method to check tempering is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been tempered correctly, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within 5 minutes.
1 tablespoon olive oil 3 large garlic cloves, sliced thin lengthwise 3 pounds spinach (about 3 large bunches), coarse stems discarded, washed well and drained in a colander	In an 8-quart heavy kettle heat oil over high heat until hot but not smoking and add garlic and spinach with water clinging to leaves. Sauté garlic and spinach, turning with tongs, until spinach is wilted but still bright green, about 2 minutes, and season with salt and pepper. Spinach and garlic may be made 6 hours ahead and chilled, covered.
1/4 ounce crème de cassis 1/4 ounce green Chartreuse 1/4 ounce maraschino liqueur	Pour in the order listed so that each ingredient floats on top of the one before it. This drink is sometimes made with grenadine, heavy cream, and Crème Yvette, in that order.
2 bunches lacinato kale (also known as black, dinosaur, or Tuscan kale) 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil Kosher salt	Strip away and discard the stems of the kale. Tear the leaves into large bite-size pieces and toss them with the olive oil and a good pinch of salt. Cook the leaves briefly over a medium fire seasoned with chunks of maple or oak. They will begin to burn and sizzle almost immediately. This is a good thing. Resist the temptation to turn them; the burn is good; the burn is your friend. After 4 to 5 minutes, turn them once to give a slight char to the wilted leaves that have been on top. Cook for another minute or two, and then remove them from the grill. That's it. Serve immediately.
3/4 to1 ounce white crème de menthe 1 1/2 to 2 ounces vodka 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir thoroughly. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
1/4 cup orange juice 1/4 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 2 tablespoons sugar	1. Combine the juices and sugar in a small saucepan and boil for 2 to 3 minutes over low heat. 2. Remove from the heat and let cool. 3. Pour the cooled syrup over the fruit or store for up to 1 month in the refrigerator.
1 1/2 pound skirt steak, cut into 4 pieces Salt Pepper	Cut 1 1/2 pound skirt steak into 4 pieces; season with salt and pepper. Grill over medium-high heat until medium-rare, about 4 minutes per side. Let rest 5 minutes before thinly slicing against the grain.
2 3/4 cups (about) soft wheat flour 4 large eggs (scant 1 cup)	Making dough: Place flour in processor. Add eggs. Using on/off turns, blend until clumps of moist dough form (do not process into ball). Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface; shape into ball. Knead until smooth, sprinkling lightly with flour if sticking, about 3 minutes. Wrap in plastic. Let rest at room temperature at least 20 minutes and up to 2 hours.
1 pound brussels sprouts 3 tablespoons olive oil 1 teaspoon sea salt	1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Remove the leaves of the brussels sprouts. This is tedious work, but it can be done. You want as many leaves as possible, and you may need to keep cutting away the stem as you get deeper into the sprout. 2. Place the leaves on a baking sheet and drizzle generously with olive oil, tossing to coat. Sprinkle with the sea salt. Bake, turning every 5 to 7 minutes, until browned and crunchy, almost burnt, but not burnt.
1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) vodka 1 pony (1 ounce) blue curaçao 1/3 cup lemonade	In a long-stemmed glass filled with ice cubes, stir together vodka, curaçao, and lemonade.
18 cups chopped seedless watermelon (one 10-pound melon) 1 1/4 cups fresh white, ruby red, or pink grapefruit juice Special Equipment: Cheese cloth	Working in batches, purée watermelon in a blender until smooth. Pour into a large bowl and let stand for 10 minutes. Skim foam from surface and discard. Set a fine-mesh sieve over a large pitcher; line sieve with cheesecloth. Strain purée into pitcher (you should have almost 7 cups juice). Stir in grapefruit juice. Fill glasses with ice. Divide agua fresca among glasses.
6 fresh shiso (or mint) leaves, plus 8 additional sprigs for garnish 12 3/4 cups (2 3/4 quarts) cubed seedless watermelon, pureed and strained (makes 1 1/2 quarts juice) 1 2/3 cups white rum (or to taste)	Crush shiso in the bottom of a large pitcher, using a long wooden spoon. Add watermelon juice and rum; stir. Serve over ice; garnish with shiso sprigs.
1 cup sugar	1. Combine the sugar with 1/2 cup water in a small, heavy saucepan and bring to a boil. 2. Boil until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 2 minutes. Pour over the fruit or store for up to 1 month in the refrigerator.
6 ounces unsweetened pomegranate juice, such as Elite Naturel (www.organicjuiceusa.com) 3 ounces superfine sugar	Bring juice to simmer over medium heat and cook until reduced by half, about 7 minutes. Reduce heat and add sugar, stirring constantly until dissolved, about 2 minutes. Let cool, cover, and refrigerate syrup until cold, about 30 minutes. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled.)
1 1/2 ounces pepper vodka 1 teaspoon dry vermouth 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine ingredients in a mixing glass. Stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
1/4 cup cream of tartar 2 tablespoons baking soda	Sift together cream of tartar and baking soda 3 times, then transfer to a clean dry jar and seal tightly.
1 cup sugar 2 tablespoons water 1/2 cup cranberries	Cook 1/2 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons water in heavy small saucepan over low heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Transfer to top of double boiler. Add cranberries. Cover berry mixture and place over simmering water. Cook 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from over water. Let cranberry mixture stand at room temperature overnight. Place remaining 1/2 cup sugar on plate. Drain cranberries well. Add to sugar and turn to coat. Let dry at least 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
Dried chiles de árbol or 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes 4 ounces torn stale crusty country-style bread	Preheat oven to 200°. Heat a dry medium ovenproof skillet over medium-high. Toast 2 dried chiles de árbol or 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes and 4 ounces torn stale crusty country-style bread, stirring occasionally, until bread is charred in spots, 6–8 minutes. Transfer pan to oven and bake until bread is dry and crisp, 1–1 1/2 hours. Working in batches, grind chiles and bread in a spice mill to a fine powder.
2/3 cup whipping cream 2 tablespoons light corn syrup 12 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped	Bring cream and corn syrup to simmer in medium saucepan. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and whisk until melted and smooth. (Can be made 3 days ahead. Refrigerate. Rewarm sauce over low heat until lukewarm, stirring frequently.)
12 ounces high-quality dark chocolate, coarsely chopped 1/2 teaspoon peppermint extract 5 candy canes, coarsely crushed	Line a baking sheet with parchment. Bring a double boiler or a heatproof bowl set over a small pot of water to a low simmer. Place chocolate in bowl and gently stir until completely melted. Remove from heat and stir in peppermint extract. Pour chocolate mixture onto prepared baking sheet and spread evenly with a spatula or wooden spoon. Immediately sprinkle with crushed candy canes and press lightly to adhere. Freeze until hardened, about 5 minutes. Break into pieces and serve.
2 1/4 cups commercial self-rising flour, divided 1 1/4 cups heavy cream, divided	Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Select the baking pan by determining if a soft or crisp exterior is desired. For a soft exterior, select an 8- or 9-inch cake pan, pizza pan, or oven-proof skillet where the biscuits will nestle together snugly, helping each other stay tender but rise while baking. For a crisp overall exterior, select a baking sheet or other baking pan where the biscuits can be placed wider apart, allowing air to circulate and creating a crisper exterior, and brush the pan with butter. Fork-sift or whisk 2 cups of the flour in a large bowl, preferably wider than it is deep, and set aside the remaining 1/4 cup. Make a deep hollow in the center of the flour with the back of your hand. Pour 1 cup of cream into the hollow, reserving 1/4 cup of cream, and stir with a rubber spatula or large metal spoon, using broad circular strokes to quickly pull the flour into the cream. Mix just until the dry ingredients are moistened and the sticky dough begins to pull away from the sides of the bowl. If there is some flour remaining on the bottom and sides of the bowl, stir in 1 to 4 tablespoons of reserved cream, just enough to incorporate the remaining flour into the shaggy wettish dough. If the dough is too wet, use more flour when shaping. Lightly sprinkle a board or other clean surface using some of the reserved flour. Turn the dough out onto the board and sprinkle the top of the dough lightly with flour. With floured hands, fold the dough in half, and pat dough out into a 1/3- to 1/2-inch-thick round using a little additional flour only if needed. Flour again if necessary and fold the dough in half a second time. If the dough is still clumpy, pat and fold a third time. Pat dough out into a ½-inch-thick round for a normal biscuit, 3/4-inch-thick for a tall biscuit, and 1-inch-thick for a giant biscuit. Brush off any visible flour from the top. For each biscuit, dip a 2 1/2-inch biscuit cutter into the reserved flour and cut out the biscuits, starting at the outside edge and cutting very close together, being careful not to twist the cutter. The scraps may be combined to make additional biscuits, although these scraps make tougher biscuits. Using a metal spatula if necessary, move the biscuits to the pan or baking sheet. Bake the biscuits on the top rack of the oven for a total of 10 to 14 minutes until light golden brown. After 6 minutes, rotate the pan in the oven so that the front of the pan is now turned to the back, and check to see if the bottoms are browning too quickly. If so, slide another baking pan underneath to add insulation and retard browning. Continue baking another 4 to 8 minutes until the biscuits are light golden brown. When the biscuits are done, remove from the oven and lightly brush the top of the biscuits with softened or melted butter. Turn the biscuits out upside down on a plate to cool slightly. Serve hot, right side up.
1 1/2 pounds sugar snap peas, trimmed 2 tablespoons unsalted butter 2 tablespoons finely shredded fresh mint leaves	In a kettle of salted boiling water cook the snap peas for 1 to 3 minutes, or until they are crisp-tender, drain them, and plunge them into a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking. Drain the peas well. In a large skillet melt the butter, add 1 tablespoon of the mint, the peas, and salt and pepper to taste, and heat the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, until the peas are heated through. Sprinkle the peas with the remaining 1 tablespoon mint.
1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) vodka 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice Ginger beer (available at specialty foods shops), chilled	Into a tall glass filled with ice cubes, pour vodka, lemon juice and ginger beer and stir the drink well.
12 thin slices prosciutto di Parma 12 grissini	Wrap a slice of prosciutto around upper portion of each breadstick at an angle, slightly overlapping.
4 pounds plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise 6 garlic cloves, minced 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil	Preheat oven to 200°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Put tomatoes, cut side up, in 2 large 4-sided sheet pans. Combine garlic and oil and spoon over tomatoes. Season tomatoes with salt and pepper and roast in oven 6 to 8 hours (tomatoes will be greatly reduced in size but still moist). Cool.
6 sugar cubes 6 teaspoons pear brandy 1 chilled 750-ml bottle Prosecco	Put a sugar cube in each of 6 Champagne flutes. Add 1 teaspoon pear brandy to each flute, then about 2/3 cup Prosecco.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
6 pounds medium sweet potatoes 1 cup well-stirred canned unsweetened coconut milk 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, or to taste	Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in middle. Prick sweet potatoes in several places with a fork, then bake on a foil-lined baking sheet, rotating potatoes halfway through baking, until very soft, 45 minutes to 1 hour. When cool enough to handle, halve sweet potatoes and scoop flesh into a bowl. Meanwhile, bring coconut milk, brown sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt just to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Stir into warm sweet potatoes, then pulse in batches in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt.
2 red onions, sliced 1 cup cider vinegar 1 teaspoon salt	Blanch 2 sliced red onions in a small saucepan of boiling water to cover for 1 minute and drain in a colander. Then return them to the pan and add a cup of cider vinegar, a teaspoon of salt, and just enough cold water to barely cover the onions. Bring to a boil over high heat and simmer the onions 1 minute. Transfer the onions and brine to a glass jar and chill. The onions will turn the color of a pink piñata and will get crisp as they cool. They'll keep for weeks in the refrigerator.
2 tortillas 1/2 cup grated cheese, such as monterey jack or cheddar 1/2 cup sliced mushrooms	Heat a skillet over medium-high heat. Place the tortilla in the pan and cook for about 1 minute, until it begins to bubble. Flip the tortilla over and sprinkle cheese all over the top. Once the cheese begins to melt, top half of the tortilla with mushrooms, and fold in half. Cook for 2 minutes on each side, until the cheese is melted and everything is hot. Remove the quesadilla from the heat, open, and add your choice of stuffings.
1 teaspoon caraway seeds 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill 1/2 cup vegetable oil	Preheat oven to 300°F. With a mortar and pestle or a spice grinder grind caraway seeds coarse. In a 1-cup measure or very small metal bowl combine seeds with remaining ingredients. Set measuring cup or bowl on a baking sheet and cook in lower third of oven 1 hour. Cool on a rack 30 minutes. Line a small strainer with several layers of cheesecloth and strain oil into a glass jar. Flavored oil keeps, covered loosely and refrigerated at all times, 1 month.
1/4 cup Dijon mustard 1/2 cup red wine vinegar 1 1/2 cups canola oil	Combine the mustard and vinegar in a blender and blend at medium speed for about 15 seconds. With the machine running, slowly drizzle in 1/2 cup of the oil. Don't be tempted to add all the oil to the blender or the vinaigrette will become too thick. It should be very creamy. Transfer the vinaigrette to a small bowl and, whisking constantly, slowly stream in the remaining 1 cup oil. (The dressing can be refrigerated for up to 2 weeks. Should the vinaigrette separate, use a blender or immersion blender to re-emulsify it.)
1 1/2 cups heavy cream 1 1/2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar Grated zest of 2 limes (1 packed tablespoon)	By hand or with an electric mixer, whisk together the cream, confectioners' sugar, and lime zest in a bowl until light and fluffy. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator.
1 large russet (baking) potato (about 1/2 pound) 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil 1/2 cup coarsely grated Gruyère cheese (about 2 ounces)	Peel potato and grate coarse. Press potato between several thickness of paper towel to remove any excess moisture. In an 8-inch non-stick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and add half grated potato, spreading and tamping down with a spatula. Reduce heat to moderate and sprinkle Gruyère over potato. Spread remaining potato on top, tamping down with a spatula, and cook until golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes on each side. Season potato with salt and pepper and cut into 6 wedges.
2 tablespoons flaky sea salt 1 tablespoon freshly ground coffee 1 tablespoon hot smoked Spanish paprika	Stir 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground coffee, and 1 tablespoon hot smoked Spanish paprika in a small bowl to combine.
6 cups fresh orange juice 4 1/2 cups chilled seltzer or club soda Garnish: orange slices	In a large pitcher, stir together juice and seltzer or club soda and garnish with orange slices. Serve in tall glasses half-filled with ice.
4 ears of corn, in husk Charred Spring Onion and Sesame-Chile Butter	Prepare a grill for medium heat. Grill corn, rotating occasionally, until husks are blackened (some will flake and fall off) and kernels are tender with some browned and charred spots, 25–35 minutes. Let corn cool slightly, then shuck. Serve with Charred Spring Onion and Sesame-Chile Butter.
1 pound yellow-fleshed potatoes such as Yukon Gold 2 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 tablespoon vegetable oil	In a large saucepan cover potatoes with salted water by 2 inches and simmer until tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Drain potatoes in a colander and cool. Chill potatoes, covered, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days. Peel potatoes. Set a four-sided grater in a large bowl and coarsely shred potatoes into bowl. Season potatoes with salt and pepper, tossing mixture with a fork. In a 9- to 9 1/2-inch nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon butter and 1/2 tablespoon oil over moderate heat until foam subsides. Add potatoes, spreading them evenly and tamping them down with a rubber spatula to form an even cake. Reduce heat to moderately low and cook rösti until underside is golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Slide rösti onto a large plate. Invert another large plate over rösti and invert rösti onto it. (Browned side of rösti should be on top.) In skillet heat remaining tablespoon butter and 1/2 tablespoon oil over moderately low heat until foam subsides. Slide rösti back into skillet, browned side up, and cook until underside is golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes.
1 large lemon, cut crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick rounds 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt	Combine all ingredients in small skillet. Bring to boil over high heat, stirring to dissolve salt. Cover; reduce heat to low. Simmer until lemon slices are almost tender (peel will look translucent), about 10 minutes. Cool. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Transfer to bowl. Cover; chill.
1 10-ounce package frozen strawberries, thawed (with their juices), or 1 quart fresh strawberries 2 cups fruit yogurt (we're partial to strawberry or lemon)	1 In a large bowl, smash the strawberries into the yogurt, stirring to combine. 2 Pour the mixture into a shallow pan (a metal baking pan works) and place it in the freezer, uncovered, for 1 hour. 3 Remove the pan from the freezer and stir the yogurt well, breaking up any clusters of ice crystals that have formed. 4 Return it to the freezer. Continue stirring every half hour, breaking up new clusters as they form, until the granita is completely frozen but scoopable, about 2 more hours. 5 Scoop and serve, garnished with fresh berries, if desired. (Store any leftovers in the freezer in a covered container or resealable plastic bag.)
2 large garlic cloves, minced 3 tablespoons olive oil 6 bunches of watercress, coarse stems discarded and the watercress rinsed but not spun dry (about 16 cups)	In a large heavy skillet sauté the garlic in the oil over moderately high heat for 30 seconds, or until it is fragrant, add the watercress, and stir the mixture until it is combined well. Sauté the watercress, covered, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until it is just wilted, and season it with salt and pepper.
2 lb broccoli rabe, bottom 2 inches trimmed off 8 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil	Blanch broccoli rabe in an 8-quart pot of boiling salted water , uncovered, until tender, about 6 minutes. Immediately transfer with tongs to a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain in a colander, pressing to extract excess water. Transfer to a cutting board and chop. Cook garlic in oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until just golden, then add broccoli rabe and cook, stirring frequently, until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
1/2 small head of red cabbage, coarsely chopped 1/2 cup sugar 1/2 teaspoon baking soda	Bring cabbage and 3 cups water to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat and cook until cabbage is soft and liquid is reduced by about a third, 20–25 minutes. Remove cabbage with a spider or slotted spoon; discard. Add sugar to cabbage liquid and simmer, swirling pan occasionally, until liquid is a very deep purple and has reduced to about 1 cup, 10–15 minutes. Let dye cool, then stir in baking soda. Mix into frosting or royal icing to make desired color.
4 cups fresh strawberries (about 1 pound), hulled, halved* 1/4 cup sugar 2 cups Banyuls dessert wine	Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl; toss gently. Cover and macerate at room temperature for 2-3 hours. Strain juices into a small saucepan; return berries to bowl. Boil juices until syrupy, about 10 minutes. Let cool. Pour syrup over berries. *At Bon Appétit, we prefer farm-fresh strawberries, but these recipes also bring out the best in supermarket varieties.
15 cups chopped cantaloupe (about two 3 1/2-pound melons) 3/4 cup fresh lemon juice 3/4 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves	Working in batches, purée cantaloupe in a blender until smooth. Set a fine-mesh sieve over a large bowl; line sieve with cheesecloth. Strain purée into bowl; gather cheesecloth into a bundle and squeeze any remaining juice into bowl. Repeat process with fresh cheesecloth, straining into a large pitcher (you should have about 5 cups juice). Add lemon juice, basil, and 2 cups cold water to pitcher. Let steep at room temperature for 1-2 hours. Fill glasses with ice. Divide agua fresca among glasses.
4 oz store-bought white fondant 4 oz ready-to-use gum paste Plain vegetable shortening (as needed)	1. Knead the fondant and then the gum paste separately on a counter until smooth, then combine and knead until well mixed. If the mixture becomes sticky, add a little shortening. 2. Cover with an upturned bowl or cup to prevent a crust from forming. To store, roll the mixture into a ball, double wrap in plastic wrap, and keep in a sealed container at room temperature for up to two weeks.
1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) crème de menthe 1 tablespoon sugar syrup Chilled club soda or seltzer	Into a tall glass filled with crushed ice, pour crème de menthe and sugar syrup, top off the drink with club soda and stir it well.
2 bunches broccoli rabe (about 2 1/4 pounds total), trimmed and cut into thirds 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1/4 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes	Blanch broccoli rabe in 2 batches in a large pot of boiling salted water (2 tablespoons salt for 6 quarts water) until stems are crisp-tender, 2 to 3 minutes, then drain well and pat dry. Heat oil with red-pepper flakes in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers, then sauté broccoli rabe with 1/2 teaspoon salt until well coated, about 2 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened 16 (1/2-inch-thick) baguette slices, cut on a long diagonal 1 (3- to 4-ounce) fine-quality bittersweet chocolate bar (no more than 70% cacao if marked), broken into 1/2-inch pieces	Generously butter 1 side of each baguette slice. Place 8 slices, buttered sides down, on a work surface and cover each slice with chocolate, leaving a 1/4-inch border around edge. Top with remaining 8 slices, buttered sides up, to make 8 sandwiches. Heat a dry 12-inch heavy skillet (not nonstick) over moderate heat until hot but not smoking, then fry 4 sandwiches, turning over once, until golden, 3 to 4 minutes total. Transfer sandwiches to a plate and wipe skillet clean. Fry remaining sandwiches in same manner. Serve warm.
1 1/2 cups frozen raspberries, plus 4 raspberries, halved (optional) 5 tablespoons sugar 1 1/2 cups vanilla low-fat or whole-milk yogurt	In a blender, purée the 1 1/2 cups raspberries, the sugar, and 1/2 cup yogurt until smooth and thick. Divide about half of the raspberry mixture equally among ice pop molds. Divide the remaining 1 cup yogurt among the molds. Slide in the halved raspberries (if using). Follow with the remaining raspberry mixture and insert sticks. Freeze until firm, at least 6 hours or up to 1 week. To unmold the pops, run hot water over the outsides of the molds for a few seconds, then gently pull the sticks.
four 6-inch pita loaves about 1/4 cup olive oil coarse salt if desired	Preheat oven to 375° F. Halve pitas horizontally to form 8 rounds and lightly brush rough sides with oil. Season pitas with salt and cut each round into 6 wedges. Arrange wedges in one layer on 2 baking sheets and bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, 10 to 15 minutes, or until golden and crisp. Cool toasts. Toasts may be made 1 day ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature.
1/2 cup Dijon mustard 1/4 cup pure maple syrup	Stir together mustard and syrup until combined well.
1/2 cup premium low-fat ice cream, softened slightly 8 Ginger Almond Biscotti	Sandwich 1/8 cup ice cream between 2 biscotti, pressing them together gently. Put sandwich on a plate in freezer and make 3 more sandwiches in same manner. Freeze sandwiches on plate, covered, just until firm, about 15 minutes.
1 cup chilled whipping cream 1 tablespoon powdered sugar 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract	Beat cream, powdered sugar and vanilla in large bowl until stiff peaks form. (Can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill.)
4 kiwi fruits	Top and tail the kiwis. To peel them, gently push a teaspoon under the skin of the kiwi and follow the inside of the skin until it reaches about halfway downthe fruit. Revolve the spoon in a circular motion around the flesh of the kiwi so that the flesh is separated from the skin. Remove the teaspoon, turn the kiwi the other way up and apply the same technique until the flesh is entirely separate from the skin. Carefully push the base of the flesh of the kiwi out of the skin. It should slip out fairly easily. If necessary nick the skin with a knife. Slice the kiwi crosswise into two or three thick slices. The intricate pattern of the middle of the kiwi should be on show on the cross section. Slowly insert a lollipop stick into the edge of the kiwi until it reaches the middle. Put the kiwi slices into a container and place in the freezer, with a little bit of space around them so that they don’t stick together. Freeze for at least 3 hours. Before serving, remove from the freezer and allow to rest at room temperature for 5 minutes
8 round peppermint hard candies such as "starlight mints" Special equipment: 5 metal teaspoons (not silver) with ovenproof handles	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 300°F. Roll up a 10-inch-long sheet of foil to form a 1/2-inch-thick log. Place 2 candies in each of 4 spoons. Arrange spoons on baking sheet, propping up spoon handles slightly using foil log to make spoons level. Bake until candy softens, about 10 minutes, then transfer sheet to a rack. Wearing an oven mitt and working quickly, push down firmly on melted candy in each hot spoon using back of remaining spoon so that candy spreads to rim of each spoon. Cool completely, about 10 to 15 minutes.
1 cup milk 2 1/2 oz chocolate a la taza (70 g, preferably Valor in bar form*), or 2 oz bittersweet chocolate (not unsweetened), broken into pieces, plus 1 1/2 teaspoons cornstarch	Bring milk with chocolate a la taza just to a boil in a 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, whisking until chocolate is melted, then simmer mixture, whisking, 2 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes to thicken.
4 ears corn, unhusked 4 slices bacon Freshly ground black pepper	1. Prepare a grill for low direct heat. 2. Peel back the cornhusks but do not remove them. Pull out and discard all the silk. Working from top to bottom, wrap a strip of bacon in a spiral around each ear of corn. Season with pepper. Pull the husk back over the corn. Wrap a piece of foil tightly around the top 1 1/2 inches of the ear of corn. (Or use a piece of kitchen twine soaked in water to tie the tops of the cornhusks closed.) 3. Grill the corn about 10 minutes or until the husks are brown all over, turning occasionally. Let corn cool for 5 minutes before serving.
1 pound russet (baking) potatoes 6 cups vegetable oil for deep-frying Special equipment: a mandoline or other adjustable-blade slicer fitted with julienne blade; a deep-fat thermometer	Peel potatoes and cut lengthwise into 1/8-inch-thick julienne with slicer, then submerge in a large bowl of ice water. Rinse potatoes in several changes of cold water in bowl until water is clear. Drain in a colander, then spread out on several layers of paper towels and pat dry. Transfer potatoes to a large rack to air-dry15 minutes. While potatoes are drying, heat oil in a 5- to 6-quart heavy pot over moderately high heat until it registers 375°F on thermometer. Fry potatoes in 8 batches, stirring, until crisp and golden, 45 seconds to 1 minute per batch, transferring with a slotted spoon to dry paper towels to drain and seasoning with salt. Return oil to 375°F between batches.
1 pint ripe raspberries 1 cup (about) good-quality red wine vinegar	Fill a clean pint jar with whole raspberries, pressing down slightly to fit in jar snugly. Add enough vinegar to cover raspberries. Cover mixture and let macerate at room temperature for 1 week. Set a strainer over a medium bowl; line with a double layer of cheesecloth. Pour vinegar mixture through strainer. Gather corners of cheesecloth and twist to release juices just until thicker juices begin to strain from cheesecloth. Discard cheesecloth with solids. Pour vinegar into a clean 8-ounce bottle or jar. Cover; chill up to 6 months.
1/2 cup mayonnaise 1/2 cup or store-bought 2 canned chipotle chiles	Purée the Ingredients Place all the ingredients in a food processor or blender and purée until smooth.
6 medium beets (about 3/4 pound) 1/4 cup cornstarch about 4 cups safflower or vegetable oil for deep-frying	Peel beets. Using a mandoline or other manual slicer cut beets into paper-thin slices and transfer to a large bowl. Add cornstarch and toss well to coat. In a 3-quart saucepan heat oil until a deep-fat thermometer registers 350°F. Working in batches of 8 to 10 slices, separating them from one another, fry beets, turning once or twice, until crisp and beginning to shrivel, 30 seconds to 1 minute, making sure oil returns to 350°F before adding next batch. Transfer chips as fried with a large slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and season with salt. Beet chips may be made 12 hours ahead and kept, uncovered, at room temperature.
2 cups 100% pomegranate juice (such as Pom Wonderful) 2 cups granulated sugar	Add the pomegranate juice to a nonreactive saucepan. Bring the juice to a boil over high heat. Add the sugar and stir with a wooden spoon until dissolved, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and let cool. Pour into a lidded bottle or other sealable container and store in the refrigerator. The syrup will keep, refrigerated, for several weeks.
3 tablespoons Ganache for Hot Chocolate and Mochas 8 fluid ounces (1 cup / 240 ml) steamed milk or steamed soy milk 1 double ristretto shot of espresso	Put the ganache in a 10-ounce ceramic cup. Pull the espresso directly over the ganache, then pour the steamed milk over the top from 12 to 20 inches above the cup. The force of gravity will be all the agitation that is required to mix the ganache with the milk. No stirring will be required. Serve immediately.
8 ears of corn in the husk 1/4 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs such as chives, parsley, basil, sage, and tarragon 6 tablespoons lime butter sauce	Prepare grill for cooking over medium-hot charcoal (moderate heat for gas). Grill corn (in husks) on lightly oiled grill rack, turning, covered, until kernels are tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove corn from grill and let stand until cool enough to handle but still warm, about 10 minutes. Discard husks and stem ends from corn. Cut kernels off cobs with a large knife and toss with herbs and lime butter sauce.
1/2 cup olive oil 3 cups skin-on almonds Coarse sea salt (such as Maldon)	Heat oil in a large skillet until hot but not smoking. Add almonds and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and toasted through, 7-8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels. Season generously to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Store cooled nuts airtight at room temperature.
6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter 12 large brussels sprouts, leaves separated, core discarded (about 12 cups)	Cook butter in large skillet over medium heat until just beginning to brown. Add brussels sprout leaves. Toss until just beginning to wilt but still green, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
2 teaspoons loose black tea 8 dried sage leaves sugar, for serving	Bring 6 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove the pan from the heat, add the tea and sage leaves, and cover the pan. Wrap a kitchen towel around the pan and set it aside for 10 minutes to allow the tea to steep. Then strain the liquid into a teapot and serve hot, with a bowl of sugar on the side.
2 cups water 2 cups sugar	Put the water in a pan, bring to a boil, add the sugar, and stir constantly for about 30 seconds or until the sugar has dissolved. To prevent the syrup from crystallizing, it is important that it completely dissolves. Reduce the heat to low. Simmer the syrup for 5 minutes. Remove it from the heat and let it cool before using or storing in the fridge. Advance preparation: Make up to 3 weeks ahead, cover, and chill. Freezing: Not suitable.
2 pounds of peeled, quartered potatoes 1/2 cup of milk 4 T of butter	Boil in salted water until tender. Drain your potatoes and mash or press them. Add the milk and butter, salt and pepper.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 large onion (3/4 lb), halved lengthwise About 3 cups vegetable oil for frying Special equipment: a Japanese Benriner or other adjustable-blade slicer; a deep-fat thermometer	Very thinly slice onion lengthwise with slicer. Heat 2 inches oil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until thermometer registers 340°F, then fry onion in 6 batches, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes per batch (watch closely; onion can burn easily). Quickly transfer each batch with a slotted spoon to fresh paper towels to drain, then sprinkle lightly with salt. (Onion will crisp as it cools.) Return oil to 340°F between batches.
2 ounces vodka 3/4 ounce fresh lime juice 3/4 ounce triple sec	Combine vodka, lime juice, and triple sec in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice, cover, and shake vigorously until outside of shaker is very cold, about 20 seconds. Strain cocktail through a Hawthorne strainer or a slotted spoon into two 2-oz. shot glasses.
5 ripe peaches 1/4 cup sugar two 750-ml bottles dry white wine	Pit and slice thin 4 of the peaches. In a large bowl toss the sliced peaches with the sugar until the sugar is dissolved and stir in the wine. Chill the mixture, covered, for 5 days. Strain the peach wine through a fine sieve into a pitcher or bottle and serve it chilled or over ice and garnished with the remaining peach, peeled, pitted, and sliced. The wine keeps, covered and chilled, indefinitely.
4 beef steaks, 1 inch thick 1/2 cup olive oil 2 tablespoons coarse kosher or sea salt	Directions Marinate the steaks in olive oil for at least 30 minutes. Drain off the oil — leaving a light film of oil on the steaks — and salt the steaks on both sides. Heat a well-seasoned cast-iron skillet over a high setting. When hot add the steaks and char on one side. Turn the heat down to medium and continue cooking for about 3 minutes for medium rare. Turn the steaks with tongs and turn up the heat to high. Be careful not to cut into the steaks while turning so that you don't lose any of the juices. Sear the second side of the steaks, then turn the heat to medium and cook for another 3 minutes to medium rare. Add 2 to 3 minutes per side for well-done steaks. Serve with a green salad, Aji Asado (roasted marinated peppers), and Papas al Horno (roasted potatoes).
2 cups granualted sugar 3 tablespoons good-quality ground cinnamon	Place sugar in a small bowl. Stir in cinnamon and mix thoroughly. Transfer to a jar or container with a tight-fitting cover. Lasts indefinitely.
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper	Whisk together lemon juice and extra-virgin olive oil. Whisk in kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
2 teaspoons anchovy paste 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil 1 baguette (preferably day-old; about 18 by 2 inches), cut diagonally into 3/4-inch-thick slices	Preheat oven to 400°F. In a small bowl whisk together anchovy paste and oil. Brush both sides of baguette slices lightly with anchovy oil and arrange in one layer on baking sheets. Toast slices in middle and lower thirds of oven 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Cool toasts on a rack. Toasts may be made 4 days ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature.
2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces Special equipment: cheesecloth	Bring butter to a boil over moderate heat in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan. Once foam completely covers butter, reduce heat to very low. Continue to cook butter, stirring occasionally, until a thin crust begins to form on surface and milky white solids fall to bottom of pan, about 8 minutes. Continue to cook butter, watching constantly and stirring occasionally to prevent burning, until solids turn light brown and butter deepens to golden and turns translucent and fragrant, 16 to 18 minutes. Remove ghee from heat and pour through a sieve lined with a triple layer of cheesecloth into a jar.
2 cups water 1/4 cup finely ground strong coffee beans 2 tablespoons sugar	Combine water, ground coffee, and sugar in small saucepan or Turkish coffeepot. Stir over low heat until sugar dissolves; bring just to simmer (coffee will foam and rise to top edge of pan). Divide half of coffee among 6 small cups, pouring slowly to avoid breaking foam on top. Return pan to low heat and let mixture foam again to top edge of pan. Carefully pour remaining coffee into cups, leaving grounds in saucepan. Serve immediately.
1 recipe croissant dough(2 3/4 lb), chilled Special equipment: a ruler, a pastry brush, parchment paper, 2 or 3 garbage bags (unscented), a spray bottle with water	Roll out and cut dough: Cut dough in half and chill 1 half, wrapped in plastic wrap. Roll out other half on a lightly floured surface, dusting with flour as necessary and stretching corners to maintain shape, into a 16- by 12-inch rectangle. Brush off excess flour with pastry brush and trim edges with a pizza wheel or sharp knife. Arrange dough with a short side nearest you. Cut in half horizontally and chill 1 half. Cut remaining half vertically into thirds, forming 3 rectangles. Cut each rectangle diagonally in half to make 2 triangles, for a total of 6 triangles.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 cups Chinese black rice 3 1/2 cups water	Rinse rice in a sieve under cold running water until water runs clear. Bring rice, water (3 1/2 cups), 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper to a boil in a 2 2 1/2- to 3-quarts heavy saucepan, uncovered, over medium-high heat. Cover and reduce heat to low, then cook until rice is tender and most of water has been absorbed, about 35 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork.
1 ounce vodka 1 ounce Cointreau or triple sec 1/2 ounce lemon juice	In a shaker half-filled with ice cubes, combine all of the ingredients. Shake well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
6 cups 1-inch pieces cauliflower 1 cup chopped leeks (white and pale green parts only) 1 cup canned chicken broth	Place cauliflower in large microwave-safe bowl. Add leeks and 1 cup broth. Cover bowl with plastic wrap. Microwave on high until vegetables are very soft, about 14 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer vegetables to processor. Blend until smooth. Mix in cooking broth by tablespoonfuls to thin, if desired. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Rewarm, covered, in microwave before serving.)
1 750-ml bottle chilled Belgian raspberry beer (framboise lambic) 3 tablespoons sugar, divided Premium vanilla ice cream	Mix 1 cup beer and 1 tablespoon sugar in glass pie dish; stir to dissolve. Freeze until set, at least 4 hours or overnight. Boil 1 cup beer with 2 tablespoons sugar in heavy small saucepan until reduced to 1/4 cup, about 10 minutes. Chill syrup until cold. Chill remaining beer. Using fork, scrape granita into flakes. Spoon ice cream into 4 small glasses; drizzle syrup over. Top with granita; pour more beer down the inside of each glass.
2 1/2 pounds red and/or green Swiss chard (about 4 large bunches) 1/4 cup olive oil (preferably extra-virgin) 8 large garlic cloves, thinly sliced	Cut thick stalks and ribs from chard leaves. Chop stalks and ribs into 1/2-inch pieces. Cook stalks and ribs in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer stalks and ribs to plate. Add chard leaves to boiling water in pot. Cook just until wilted, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Drain well. Squeeze excess moisture from chard leaves. Coarsely chop leaves. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and sauté until golden, about 2 minutes. Add chard stalks, ribs and leaves to skillet and sauté until liquid evaporates and mixture is heated through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve.
3 cups premium vanilla ice cream 1 cup whole milk 1 cup whole pitted dates	Blend all ingredients in a blender just until smooth with some small bits of date.
1 pound fresh asparagus 4 tablespoons olive oil 1 teaspoon kosher salt (use salt according to taste)	Trim off the tough bottom of the spear by grasping each end and bending it gently until it snaps at its natural point of tenderness—usually two-thirds of the way down the spear. If the spear is less than 6 inches long, chances are it has already been trimmed for you. Alternatively, you can cut the ends off with a knife. Coat each spear with olive oil by placing clean, dry spears in a resealable plastic bag, pour in the oil, and massage spears to coat each one. Sprinkle with salt and massage again. Leave the asparagus in the bag until ready to cook. Place on the cooking grate crosswise so it won't fall through. Grill for 10 to 15 minutes (depending on the size and thickness of the stalks), turning occasionally to expose all sides to the heat. Asparagus should begin to brown in spots (indicating that its natural sugars are caramelizing) but should not be allowed to char. Remove from grill and serve immediately—eating spears with your fingers enhances the experience.
1 pint vanilla ice cream (not gelato), melted 4 (1–1 1/2"-thick) slices challah or brioche 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided	Preheat oven to 250°F. Pour ice cream into a large baking dish. Add bread, turn to coat, then let sit 3 minutes. Flip bread and continue to soak until saturated but not soggy, about 3 minutes more. Heat 2 Tbsp. butter in a large skillet over medium. Using tongs, carefully lift 2 bread slices from custard, letting excess drip back into dish. Transfer to skillet in a single layer and cook until golden brown and the center of toast springs back when pressed, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet; keep warm in oven until ready to serve. Repeat with 2 Tbsp. butter and remaining bread. Top toasts with remaining 1 Tbsp. butter and serve.
1 savoy cabbage, cored, leaves separated, small leaves reserved for another use Kosher salt	Place oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 200°F. Working in several batches, cook cabbage leaves in a large pot of boiling salted water just until translucent and bright green, about 2 minutes per batch. Using a large slotted spoon, immediately transfer leaves to a large bowl of ice water; let cool. Drain cabbage leaves well and dry thoroughly. Set a wire rack inside each of 2 large rimmed baking sheets. Arrange cabbage leaves on racks in a single layer. Bake until completely dry and crisp, about 3 hours. Season with salt. DO AHEAD: Cabbage chips can be made 8 hours ahead. Store chips at room temperature loosely layered between parchment paper or paper towels.
3 cups all-purpose flour 1 cup boiling water 3 tablespoons cold water	To make the dough in an electric mixer, place the flour in the work bowl of the mixer and slowly mix in the boiling water with a dough hook and then add the cold water to form a dough. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead for an additional 5 minutes by hand, or until it is soft and smooth. Divide the dough in half and then roll into 2 cylinders (about 1 inch in diameter). Cover the cylinders with plastic wrap and let rest for 30 minutes. Alternatively, to make the dough by hand, place the flour in a large bowl and slowly stir in the boiling water. Then add the cold water and mix until well combined. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead for 10 minutes, or until the dough is soft and smooth. Divide the dough in half and then roll into 2 cylinders (about 1 inch in diameter). Cover the cylinders with plastic wrap and let rest for 30 minutes. Use a sharp knife to cut each of the cylinders into 26 rounds, and cover the rounds with plastic wrap when not working with them so that they don't dry out. Roll each round into a ball. Then on a lightly floured work surface, flatten each ball into a 3-inch-wide disk, first with the palm of your hand and then using a mini rolling pin and working in a circular motion. The wrappers will keep in the refrigerator wrapped in plastic wrap for up to 2 days.
1 cup fruit juice (pure juice-not a fruit-flavored drink) or nectar, such as Goya, Mott's, or Kern's, chilled or at room temperature 1 1/4-ounce package gelatin	1. Lightly coat 16 tartlet molds or mini-muffin tins with oil. 2. Place 1/4 cup of the juice in a medium bowl and sprinkle in the gelatin. Let sit for 1 minute. 3. Meanwhile, in a small pan, bring the remaining juice to a boil. Add it to the gelatin mixture, stirring until the gelatin is dissolved. 4. Spoon the mixture into the molds. Chill in the refrigerator until set, 2 hours. 5. Pop the tartlets out. Serve them cold or at room temperature within 2 hours, or store them in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.
2 pounds kale, stems and center ribs discarded and leaves chopped 1 1/2 pounds large boiling potatoes 2 cups heavy cream	Cook kale in a pot of boiling salted water (1 1/2 tablespoons salt for 4 quarts water), uncovered, until tender, about 7 minutes. Drain kale, then immediately transfer to an ice bath to stop cooking. When kale is cool, drain but do not squeeze. While kale cooks, peel potatoes and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Simmer in cream with 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a heavy medium saucepan, covered, stirring occasionally, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Purée potato mixture with kale in 2 batches in a food processor until just smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids). Transfer to a 4-to 5-quart heavy saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring frequently, until heated through. Season with salt and pepper.
3 large lemons 4 cups water 4 cups sugar plus additional for sprinkling	Place rack on rimmed baking sheet. Cut 1/4 inch off top and bottom of each lemon. Score each lemon lengthwise in quarters, cutting just through peel (not into flesh). Carefully pull off each peel quarter in 1 piece. Cut each quarter lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide strips. Cook peel in large saucepan of boiling water 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drain peel; rinse well and drain again. Bring 4 cups water and 4 cups sugar to boil in heavy large saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar completely. Add drained lemon peel to saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until lemon peel is very soft and looks translucent, about 40 minutes. Using fork, transfer lemon peel, 2 or 3 strips at a time, to prepared rack. Separate strips and arrange crosswise on rack. Let peel drain 15 minutes. Sprinkle peel generously with additional sugar. Turn strips over and sprinkle second side generously with sugar. Let dry uncovered overnight. DO AHEAD: Candied lemon peel can be made up to 1 week ahead. Cover and refrigerate.
1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) Midori 1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) vodka 1/3 cup strained fresh orange juice	In a long-stemmed glass filled with ice cubes, stir together Midori, vodka and orange juice and garnish the drink with a skewer.
6 sprigs dried lemon verbena 2 cups sugar coarsemesh sieve, airtight container	Remove thick stems from 6 sprigs dried lemon verbena, then run a knife through sprigs to break up into smaller pieces. Place in a food processor, add 2 cups sugar, and pulse until well blended. Pass through a coarsemesh sieve into an airtight container and cover. Do ahead: Lemon verbena sugar can be made 6 months ahead. Store at room temperature.
6 cups 1-inch pieces fresh rhubarb (from about 2 pounds) 1 1/4 cups sugar 1/3 cup water	Combine all ingredients in heavy large saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until rhubarb is very soft and begins to fall apart, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes. Transfer compote to medium bowl. Refrigerate uncovered until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be prepared 2 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled.) Serve cold.
1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened to room temperature 1/4 cup sorghum* or honey	Stir together butter and sorghum in a small bowl until combined well.
3 passion fruit A little champagne to top up A dash of grenadine	Halve the passion fruit and push the juice through a coarse sieve to separate the lovely flavor from the seeds. Throw the seeds away but keep all the pulpy juice that will have gathered on the underside of the sieve. Pour into a tall glass and top up with champagne and a dash of grenadine. Cheers!
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
6–7 pounds rib racks (your choice of St. Louis-style pork spareribs, lamb spareribs, or beef short ribs) 1 cup Fette Sau Dry Rub Vinegar Sauce for serving	Put the ribs on a rimmed baking sheet and coat all over with the dry rub, patting it onto the surface until the meat has a thin, even layer of rub (you may not need all of the rub). If you have time, let the meat rest for 1 hour, or until the rub starts to turn into a pasty coating. Preheat a smoker to 225°F or set up a grill for smoking. Soak wood chips, if using. Place the racks of ribs, meaty side up, in the smoker and smoke, maintaining a smoker temperature between 200°F and 225°F, replenishing the charcoal and wood chunks or chips as needed.
8 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker’s), finely chopped 1 2/3 cups chilled whipping cream	Stir white chocolate and 2/3 cup cream in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until chocolate is melted. Transfer chocolate mixture to large bowl. Let stand until mixture is cool and just beginning to thicken, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Beat remaining 1 cup cream in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Fold into cool chocolate mixture in 2 additions. Cover; chill mousse at least 2 hours. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.)
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1/2 cup superfine granulated sugar 1/2 cup water	Stir together sugar and water until sugar has dissolved.
2 medium-large beets 1 large pink grapefruit, peeled	Juice the beet then the grapefruit.
2 grapefruits, halved crosswise 4 tablespoons raw sugar Special equipment: A kitchen torch	Trim 1/4"-1/2" of peel from bottom of each grapefruit half to stabilize the fruit and prevent it from rocking back and forth. Place grapefruit, cut side down, on paper towels to dry for 5 minutes. Invert grapefruit and sprinkle 1 tablespoon sugar evenly over exposed flesh of each grapefruit half. Using a kitchen torch, heat sugar until melted and beginning to turn dark amber. Alternatively, preheat broiler. Transfer grapefruit, cut side up, to a rimmed baking sheet lined with foil. Broil grapefruit, watching closely to prevent burning, until the sugar is melted and beginning to turn dark amber, about 8 minutes. Let grapefruit cool before serving.
1 pound cipolline onions or pearl onions 1/2 pound 1/8-to 1/4-inch-thick guanciale or pancetta slices, diced 2 pounds shelled fresh peas, blanched 5 minutes, or frozen peas, thawed	Blanch onions in large saucepan of boiling salted water 5 minutes. Drain, cool, and peel onions. Sauté onions and guanciale in large skillet over medium heat until fat is rendered, guanciale is golden, and onions are brown in spots, about 10 minutes. Add peas; heat through. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 pound applewood-smoked bacon slices or thick-cut bacon slices 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar	Position 1 rack in top third of oven and preheat to 400°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with foil. Place large rack on lined baking sheet. Arrange bacon slices in single layer on rack. Sprinkle brown sugar evenly over. Bake until bacon is crisp and glazed, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool 5 minutes and serve.
1 1/2 cups sugar 1 1/2 cups water	Stir sugar and water in heavy large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil 3 minutes. Cool syrup, then cover and chill until cold, about 2 hours. (Will keep up to a month in the refrigerator.)
1 melon, cut into 6 wedges 18 paper-thin prosciutto slices	Place melon wedge on each of 6 plates. Arrange 3 prosciutto slices alongside melon or drape over melon and serve.
4 teaspoons minced seeded canned chipotle chiles in adobo, including sauce 1/2 cup mayonnaise Lime wedges	Stir together chipotles and mayonnaise. Squeeze lime juice onto cooked corn, then spread chipotle mayonnaise onto corn.
2 cups self-rising flour, plus more 1/4 cup chilled vegetable shortening 2/3 cup buttermilk	Position rack in middle of oven; preheat to 500°F. Grease a rimmed baking sheet with nonstick vegetable oil spray or butter. Place 2 cups flour in a large bowl. Cut in shortening with a pastry cutter or 2 butter knives until pea-sized lumps form. Stir in buttermilk until a shaggy dough forms. On a lightly floured work surface, turn out dough and gently knead 2–3 times until dough just comes together, being careful to not overwork. Roll out dough to a 1/2" thickness; cut with a 2" biscuit cutter or small glass that has been dipped in flour. Transfer biscuits to prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 6–8 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.
2 large tart apples such as Granny Smith 1/3 cup Calvados butter	Peel apples and cut into balls with a melon-ball cutter (any size). Heat Calvados butter in a nonstick skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook apples, shaking skillet occasionally, until just tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Serve immediately.
1 1/2 cups sugar 3/4 cup water 6 ounces high-quality bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped	1. In a heavy-bottomed medium saucepan (no larger than 2 quarts, or the mixture will reduce too rapidly and burn before it reaches the correct temperature) over high heat, bring the sugar, water, and chocolate to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Attach a candy thermometer to the pan. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, uncovered, stirring, until the mixture reaches 234°F., about 5 minutes. 2. Remove from the heat and stir to cool and thicken slightly, about 1 minute. Use immediately. When pouring, do not scrape the pan.
1 1/2 pounds asparagus, trimmed Nonstick olive oil spray	Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Lightly spray asparagus with olive oil spray. Grill asparagus until tender and beginning to brown, turning frequently, about 5 minutes. Transfer to platter. Sprinkle with salt to taste. Serve warm or at room temperature.
1 lemon artichokes	Halve lemon and into a bowl of cold water squeeze juice from 1 half, dropping squeezed half into water. Cut off artichoke stems and discard. Working with 1 artichoke at a time, bend back outer leaves until they snap off close to base and discard several more layers of leaves in same manner until exposed leaves are pale green at top and pale yellow at base. With a very sharp stainless-steel knife cut across artichoke 1 1/2 inches above stem end and with a spoon scrape out all of choke. Trim dark green fibrous parts from base and sides of artichoke bottom and trim any remaining leaves. Rub artichoke bottom all over with cut side of remaining lemon half and put artichoke in bowl of lemon water. Trim remaining artichokes in same manner.
3 cups Thai long-grain sticky (glutinous) rice	In a large bowl (large enough to hold at least twice the volume of rice, about 6 cups) cover rice with cold water by 2 to 3 inches. Soak rice 8 to 24 hours. Alternatively, soak rice in warm water (about 110°F.) 2 hours. The longer soak allows more flavor to develop. Drain rice and transfer to a Southeast Asian rice-steamer basket or sieve. Set steamer basket or sieve over several inches of boiling water in a large pot or deep kettle. It is important that the rice not touch boiling water. Cover rice with a lid and steam, checking water level occasionally to make sure pot or kettle doesn't boil dry and adding more boiling water if necessary, 25 minutes, or until rice is shiny and tender. Transfer rice to a basket or bowl, breaking it up into smaller lumps, and immediately cover with a lid or clean kitchen towel. (Rice dries out if exposed to air as it cools, so keep covered until serving.)
1 cup red lentils	Rinse lentils in cold water; drain. Repeat 2 more times; transfer to a 1-qt. glass jar and add cold water to cover. Secure a layer of cheesecloth or a paper towel over top with a rubber band. Let sit 12 hours. Drain lentils, re-cover, and let sit at room temperature, rinsing and draining 1 or 2 times daily, until sprouted, 1–2 days.
1 1/2 cups frozen strawberries 1 cup pomegranate juice	1. Place all ingredients in the blender and pulse until smooth.
2 cups pomegranate juice 1 cup caster sugar Pinch of salt	Combine the pomegranate juice, sugar, and salt in a tightly lidded container. Shake until the sugar is dissolved. Store in an airtight container for up to 14 days.
2 pounds small (1 1/2-inch) red potatoes, halved lengthwise 2 tablespoons olive or safflower oil 3/4 teaspoon coarse sea salt	Preheat oven to 400°F. Toss potatoes with oil and sea salt in a large baking pan, then arrange them cut sides down. Roast in middle of oven until tender and cut sides are golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes.
2 cups corn masa mix (see Note) 1 1/2 cups warm water	1. Combine the masa mix and warm water in a medium bowl, mixing until a soft dough forms. You can use a wooden spoon for mixing, but you will have better results if you use your hands. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until it is smooth. If the dough seems dry, add more water, a tablespoon at a time, as necessary. 2. To form the tortillas, one at a time, pinch off small handfuls (about 3 tablespoons) of the dough and roll each one between the palms of your hands into a ball. Cover the dough balls with a damp cloth as you form them, to keep them from drying out. 3. Cut a quart-size resealable plastic bag open down both sides, to form a rectangle. Use the bag to line a tortilla press as you shape the tortillas, so they do not stick: Lay one side of the plastic over the bottom of the press, place a ball of dough in the center, and fold the other side of the plastic over the dough. Shut the top of the tortilla press firmly down on the dough to shape the tortilla. (See Note.) 4. Heat a griddle until hot. Place a tortilla on the griddle and cook for 1 1/2 minutes. Using a spatula, flip it over and continue to cook, flipping it occasionally, until both sides are covered with small brown spots. Transfer to a plate and cover with a kitchen towel to keep warm while you cook the remaining tortillas, stacking the finished tortillas on the plate. Serve immediately.
1 cup heavy cream 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract	Pour the cream into a well-chilled bowl and add the sugar and vanilla. Using an electric hand mixer or balloon whisk, beat the cream to the desired consistency. For soft peaks, the cream will be just thick enough to hold its shape in soft billows. For stiffly beaten cream, the beaters or whisk wires will leave distinct traces on the cream and stand in firm peaks when the beaters are lifted.
3/4 cup gin 2 teaspoons dry vermouth Green olives, with pimiento	Fill a cocktail shaker with ice; add gin and vermouth. Shake and strain into 2 chilled Martini glasses. Garnish with an olive.
1 10-ounce package frozen raspberries with sugar, thawed 3 tablespoons raspberry jam 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice	Strain raspberries, reserving 1/4 cup raspberry juices. Puree berries, 1/4 cup juices, jam, and lemon juice in processor. Strain, pressing on solids to extract as much fruit and juice as possible. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill.)
2 well-chilled 750-ml. bottles champagne or sparkling cider 1 cup well-chilled cranberry juice cocktail, or to taste 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange-flavored liqueur, or to taste, if desired	In a large pitcher stir together well the champagne, the cranberry juice cocktail and the Grand Marnier.
8 cups cubed (1 inch) watermelon, seeds and rind discarded 1 cup Simple Sugar Syrup 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice	Puree the watermelon cubes in a food processor. Measure 4 cups of the puree and place in a bowl. Add the Simple Sugar Syrup and lemon juice and stir well. Freeze in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions.
8 cups root beer 1 pint vanilla ice cream	Pour 4 cups root beer into 13x9x2-inch baking pan; freeze until set, about 4 hours or overnight. Meanwhile, boil remaining 4 cups root beer in large saucepan until reduced to 1/2 cup, about 30 minutes. Cool root beer syrup. Using tines of fork, scrape frozen root beer into icy flakes, then mix gently in pan to blend. Spoon 3/4 cup root beer granita into each of 6 clear glasses or dessert cups. Top granita with scoop of ice cream. Drizzle each with 4 teaspoons root beer syrup and serve.
6 5-to 6-ounce containers raspberries and blackberries (3 containers each) 2 cups sugar 2 tablespoons lemon juice	Combine fruit, sugar, and lemon juice in large bowl. Let stand at room temperature 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Put 2 saucers in freezer. In bottom of heavy large stockpot at least 3 inches deeper than height of jars, place metal rack or extra screw bands from canning jars to protect jars from direct heat. Fill pot with water, cover, and bring water to boil. Reduce heat to low. Wash jars, lids, and screw bands in hot soapy water; rinse well. Set screw bands on clean towel to dry. Place lids in small saucepan; cover with cold water and bring to simmer; turn off heat. Fill jars with very hot water. Transfer fruit mixture to large saucepan and bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Mash to thick puree with potato masher. Reduce heat to medium and boil gently until mixture begins to thicken, stirring often, about 18 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat to test jam for gelling point. Drop 1 teaspoonful jam on chilled saucer and return to freezer 1 minute. Remove saucer and push edge of jam with fingertip. If jam has properly gelled, surface will gently wrinkle. If not, return saucepan to heat and cook jam a few minutes longer; repeat test. Drain hot water from jars and shake out excess water. Place jars on cutting board. Ladle hot jam into each jar, leaving 3/4-inch space at top. Slide flat plastic spatula between jam and jar to eliminate air bubbles. Clean rim of each jar with damp cloth. Using tongs, lift hot lids from saucepan, 1 at a time, shake dry, and place atop jars. Seal each with screw band, twisting to close but not too tightly. Return filled jars to pot of hot water. Add water to pot, if necessary, to cover jars by at least 1 inch. Cover pot and bring to boil; reduce heat and boil gently 10 minutes. Turn off heat. Wait 5 minutes; use tongs to remove jars without tilting. Place upright on towel; cool completely at room temperature. Jam will thicken as it cools. Check lids for seal by pressing each lightly. Lids of sealed jars will be concave and show no movement when pressed.
Salt Water	When salting water for cooking, use 1 tablespoon of salt for every 4 quarts of water.
12 ounces vodka (1 1/2 cups) 6 cups fresh orange juice, chilled Garnish: orange slices	Stir together vodka and juice in a large pitcher, then serve over ice.
1 cup uncooked Thai sticky rice (also called "glutinous" or "sweet" rice)	Put the rice in a bowl, add enough water to cover by an inch or so, and let the rice soak at room temperature for at least 4 hours or overnight. (If you're in a rush, you can soak the rice in hot tap water for as little as 2 hours.) Drain the rice very well, then lay the rice out on kitchen towels until it's dry to the touch. Your goal is to toast the rice slowly so the grains toast all the way through before getting too dark on the outside, stirring constantly so the grains cook evenly. Put the rice in a large dry frying pan or wok and set the pan over medium-low to low heat. Cook, stirring almost constantly, until the rice is evenly golden brown. After 15 minutes or so, you should see the grains begin to change color. After 30 minutes or so, the grains will have turned light golden brown. After 45 minutes to 1 hour, they will be golden brown, close to the color of peanut butter, and have a very toasty aroma. Ideally, every grain will be the same color, but you'll inevitably have some grains that are slightly darker or lighter. Let the toasted rice cool slightly, then grind it in a spice grinder (or even better, in a burr grinder), in batches if necessary, until you have a powder with the texture of coarse sand or kosher salt. The powder keeps for several months in an airtight container in a cool, dry place (not the fridge), though the flavor will begin to deteriorate after several weeks.
4 cups whole organic milk 1/2 teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar	Have ready a colander lined with cheesecloth placed over a large bowl. Place the milk and salt in a large heavy-bottomed pot. Slowly bring the milk to 185°F. The milk will sizzle at the perimeter of the pot. Take the milk off the heat and stir in the vinegar. The curds will precipitate promptly. Allow them to form, a couple of minutes. Pour the milk and curds through the cheesecloth. Allow the curds to drain for an hour or so, then squeeze the curds in the cheesecloth and pack in a bowl. The ricotta holds for about 2 days in the refrigerator.
3 pounds fresh peaches, peeled, pitted, sliced lengthwise, slices cut crosswise in half 1/2 cup (packed) golden brown sugar 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice	Gently toss sliced peaches, golden brown sugar, and fresh lemon juice in large bowl to blend. Let stand at room temperature until juices form, tossing occasionally, about 2 hours.
6 ears of corn, in husk Softened unsalted butter Kosher salt	Gently pull husks away from corn (do not detach from cob); remove silk. Pull husks up over corn to cover kernels. Secure husks tightly with string or a strip of foil. Soak in a large pot of room-temperature water for at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour. Meanwhile, remove grill grate and build a hot fire in a charcoal grill, allowing fire to burn down until coals are completely covered with ash (or use the ash-covered coals remaining after grilling a main course). Push coals to one side of grill. Arrange 3 ears of corn in a single layer on cleared side of grill; cover corn with coals. Repeat on the other side with remaining coals and corn, spreading coals evenly over corn. Roast corn until most of the kernels are deep golden brown, about 10 minutes (some kernels will be flecked with dark brown spots). Remove husks; use a pastry brush to flick off any ashes. Serve with butter and salt.
1 1/2 cups tomato juice 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled 1 cup yellow cornmeal	In a small saucepan, bring 1/2 cup tomato juice to a boil. Lower heat and let simmer until tomato juice is reduced to 1/4 cup. Whisk in 1 tablespoon butter, off the heat, until creamy. Set aside. In a heavy medium pot, bring 2 1/2 cups water and 1 cup tomato juice to a boil. Lower heat to medium. Slowly add cornmeal, letting it slip through your fingers. Stir constantly with a wooden spoon, making sure that no lumps form. Stir until thick, but still runny and creamy, about 8 to 10 minutes. Cut 3 tablespoons butter into small pieces. Add bit by bit, stirring constantly. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Spoon immediately into 4 flat soup plates and drizzle warm reduced tomato juice over the top. Serve immediately.
2 ounces gin 2 ounces Stone's ginger wine 2 or 3 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
1 1/2 cups vegetable oil 32 small fresh sage leaves Special equipment: a deep-fat thermometer	Heat oil in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan until it registers 365°F on thermometer. Fry sage in 5 or 6 batches, stirring, 5 seconds (leaves will crisp as they cool). Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and season with salt.
1 Tbsp. unsalted butter 1 1/3 cups country honey 1 1/2 cups blanched almonds	Rub the butter on a slab of marble. Pour the honey in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer, stirring constantly, and cook over a low heat for 10 minutes. Add the almonds and continue cooking for another 10 minutes, stirring constantly. The honey will begin to thicken and turn an amber color. To test if the nougat is ready, drop a teaspoon of honey into a glass of cold water; it should harden immediately. Remove honey from the heat and stir for 2 more minutes. Carefully pour the honey mixture onto the buttered marble slab (it will still be very hot). Smooth the mixture with a metal spoon to spread the almonds evenly. When the nougat is completely cool, break it into 2 inch pieces with the back of a knife. Store in a cool place.
1 cup pitted prunes, cut into quarters 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons brandy 1 quart vanilla ice cream, softened slightly	Simmer prunes and 1/2 cup brandy in large saucepan, covered, until brandy is absorbed, about 4 minutes. Cool. Place softened ice cream in large shallow plastic freezer container. Mix in prunes and remaining 2 tablespoons brandy. Cover and freeze. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Keep frozen.)
3 tablespoons vodka 1 1/2 tablespoons dry vermouth 1 1/2 tablespoons Campari	Fill cocktail shaker with ice. Add vodka, vermouth, and Campari; shake well. Strain into a Martini glass.
3 cups Thai long-grain jasmine rice (about 1 1/2 pounds)	In a 2 1/2-to-3 quart heavy saucepan with a tight-fitting lid over rice with cold water by 2 inches. Swirl rice around in water several times with your hand and drain. Repeat procedure 2 more times, or until water runs clear, and drain rice well in a sieve. Return rice to pan and add enough water (about 3 3/4 cups) to cover rice by about 3/4 inch. Measure by placing the tip of an index finger in the surface of the rice and ensuring that water surface is at the first joint. Bring water to a boil, uncovered, and boil rice 15 seconds. Cook rice, covered, over very low heat without lifting lid, 15 to 29 minutes, or until water is absorbed and rice is tender. Remove pan from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Turn rice gently with a flat wooden spatula and keep warm, covered. Rice is best served within 1 hour of cooking.
8 T-bone steaks (each about 1-inch thick) Accompaniment:chimichurri sauce	Prepare grill. Pat steaks dry and season generously with salt and pepper. Grill steaks on a well-oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 4 minutes each side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks as cooked to a platter and let stand 10 minutes.
3 cups fresh orange juice, strained 1/4 cup almond-flavored liqueur such as Amaretto di Saronno, or to taste A 750-ml. bottle chilled sparkling wine such as Freixenet	In a pitcher stir together orange juice and liqueur. Fill each of 6 champagne flutes halfway with some juice mixture and top off with sparkling wine.
3 tablespoons Nutella 2 slices white sandwich bread	1. Preheat a panini grill. 2. Spread the Nutella across each piece of bread, from edge to edge. Close up the sandwich and trim the crusts. 3. Grill each sandwich for 3 minutes until the bread is lightly browned. Remove the crusts and cut each into 4 triangles before serving.
16 ounces frozen unsweetened raspberries (about 3 cups), thawed 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup sugar 1 1/2 cups premium lemon ice cream	Puree raspberries in processor until almost smooth. Transfer to fine-mesh strainer set over medium bowl. Using silicone spatula, press on solids to extract puree. Discard seeds in strainer. Transfer 1/3 cup puree to small bowl; add 2 tablespoons sugar and stir until sugar dissolves. Cover; chill for sauce. Bring 3/4 cup water and 1/2 cup sugar to boil in pan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Cool syrup. Stir syrup into remaining puree in medium bowl for granita. Transfer to 8x8x2-inch glass baking dish. Freeze until mixture begins to set, stirring every 45 minutes to break up large pieces, 2 to 3 hours. Cover; freeze until firm, about 6 hours. DO AHEAD: Sauce and granita can be made 1 day ahead. Keep sauce chilled and granita frozen. Using fork, scrape surface of granita to form crystals. Place scoop of lemon ice cream in each of 2 dessert glasses. Top each with scoop of granita; drizzle with raspberry sauce. Top with scoop of ice cream, then scoop of granita; drizzle with sauce.
1 ice cube 1/4 cup orange juice 4 ounces champagne	Place the ice cube in an 8-ounce wineglass, add the orange juice, pour in the champagne and stir.
3 firm-ripe mangoes (2 1/4 pounds total)	Standing mango upright, cut two lengthwise slices, each about 1/2 inch thick, from a broad side of mango pit. Cut remaining broad side and remaining mangoes in same manner. (There should be a total of 12 slices, 6 of them end pieces.) Discard pits and reserve any remaining mango for another use. Prepare grill. Working with end pieces only, score flesh in a cross-hatch pattern, being careful not to cut through skin, and grill, cut side down, on a well-oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until golden brown, about 2 minutes. (Alternatively, mango may be grilled in a hot well-seasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat in same manner.) Transfer mango as grilled to a platter. When end pieces of mango are cool enough to handle, push from skin side to turn inside out. Grill remaining mango slices about 2 minutes on each side.
1 ounce stemmed dried Mexican puya chiles (about 15)	The goal here is to cook the chiles slowly so they get nice and dark but don't burn. Consider opening a window and turning on your stove's exhaust fan. Put the chiles in a wok or pan, turn the heat to high to get the pan hot, then turn the heat down to medium-low to low. Stir the chiles almost constantly moving them around the wok and flipping them occasionally to make sure both sides of the chiles make contact with the hot pan. Keep at it until the chiles are very brittle and very dark brown (nearly black) all over, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the chiles from the pan as they're finished. Discard any seeds that escape the chiles, because they'll be burnt and bitter. Let the chiles cool. Pound them in a granite mortar to a coarse powder that's only slightly finer than store-bought red pepper flakes, or grind them in a spice grinder (or better yet, pass them twice through a meat grinder, first through a 1/4-inch die and then through an 1/8-inch die). Either way, take care to keep the powder coarse. Immediately put the chile powder in an airtight container or plastic bag. The chile powder will keep for up to a few months in a sealed container kept in a cool, dry place (not in the fridge), though the flavor will begin to deteriorate after several weeks.
2/3 cups cranberry juice 1 1/3 cups kirsch Garnish: an orange slice	In a saucepan, heat the cranberry juice just to the boiling point. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the kirsch. Divide the mixture among six 10-ounce heat-proof mugs, rinsed with boiling water beforehand. Garnish each drink with an orange slice, if desired.
olive oil 1 large russet (baking) potato	Preheat oven to 400°F. and brush a baking sheet well with oil. Peel potato and trim to form a rectangle about 3 by 1 1/2 by 1 inch. Halve rectangle through 1 -inch side to form 2 rectangles about 3 by 1 1/2 by 1/2 inches. With a mandoline or other hand-held slicing device slice potato 1/16 inch thick on the long narrow side of each rectangle to form strips about 3 by 1/2 inches. On oiled sheet arrange strips, 4 at a time, overlapping ends to form squares. Brush each square with oil and sprinkle with salt to taste. Bake crisps in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until golden brown. Transfer crisps to a rack to cool. Potato crisps keep in an airtight container 3 days.
1 1/2 pounds tomatoes, cut into 2" pieces 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 1/2" pieces Kosher salt, black pepper	Bring tomatoes and butter to a simmer in a large skillet over medium heat. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes are softened, 35-40 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
1 lb. lean hot sausage 3 cups Bisquick 12 oz. sharp cheddar cheese, grated	Preheat oven to 375°F. With your hands, knead all the ingredients together in a bowl. (This may take awhile to fully moisten the Bisquick and the cheese. Be sure to take your rings off!) Form mixture into 1-inch balls (or smaller, if you prefer) and place on a baking pan. Bake for 15 minutes.
3 lemons, divided 12 baby artichokes Olive oil (for frying)	Cut 1 lemon in half. Squeeze juice into large bowl; add lemon halves. Fill bowl 2/3 full with water. Working with 1 artichoke at a time, break off dark outer leaves until only pale green leaves remain. Trim end off stem and cut 1/2 inch off top of artichoke; add to lemon water. Repeat with remaining artichokes. Fill another large bowl with ice water. Blanch artichokes in large saucepan of boiling salted water 10 seconds; transfer to ice water to cool completely. Remove artichokes from water and shake off excess moisture. Gently pry open leaves and press as flat as possible. Invert artichokes onto paper-towel-lined work surface and press to hold leaves open. Drain 30 minutes. (Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover with plastic and let stand at room temperature.) Line large baking sheet with paper towels. Add enough olive oil to heavy large saucepan to reach depth of 2 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of saucepan with tip submerged in oil. Heat oil over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 350°F. Working with 1 artichoke at a time, firmly grasp stem end of artichoke with long tongs. Submerge artichoke in oil to bottom of saucepan, pressing to keep leaves spread open, and fry until leaves hold shape, about 15 seconds. Release artichoke (it will turn stem side down). Repeat with 3 more artichokes and continue frying until artichoke hearts are just tender when pierced with knife, about 4 minutes longer. Using tongs, remove artichokes from oil; transfer, stem side up, to paper towels, pressing slightly to hold leaves open. Turn artichokes over to drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining artichokes. Sprinkle with salt. Slice remaining lemons into wedges. Serve artichokes with lemon wedges.
6 large shallots, peeled and halved lengthwise 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided 1 1/2 pounds medium Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and quartered	Preheat oven to 400°F with rack in lowest position. Toss shallots with 1 1/2 tablespoon oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a 13-by 9-inch baking pan, spreading evenly. Roast, stirring occasionally, until shallots are golden, about 30 minutes. Toss potatoes with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a bowl, then add to shallots. Roast, turning occasionally, until vegetables are tender and potatoes are crusty, 40 to 50 minutes.
3 ounces fresh orange juice 8 ounces chilled champagne	Pour orange juice into a 12-ounce Collins glass, add the champagne and stir gently to mix.
3 cups premium vanilla ice cream 2 cups sliced strawberries (19 oz whole) 1 cup whole milk	Purée all ingredients in a blender just until smooth.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 1/2 teaspoons black peppercorns 1 pound feta 1/3 cup honey	With a mortar and pestle or the bottom of a heavy skillet coarsely crack peppercorns. Pat feta dry and put on a platter. In a measuring cup stir together pepper and honey and pour over feta.
1/2 cup Sherry vinegar 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar	Bring vinegar and sugar to a boil in a 1-quart heavy nonreactive saucepan over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Reduce heat and simmer until slightly syrupy and reduced to about 1/2 cup, about 15 minutes. Pour into a heatproof bowl and cool completely.
1 1/2 cups paprika 3/4 cups sugar 3 3/4 tablespoons onion powder	Stir together the ingredients in a small bowl. Stored in an airtight container in a cool, dry place, this seasoning will last for up to 6 months.
6 ounces champagne 1/2 ounce crème de cassis Lemon twist	Pour the champagne and cassis into a champagne flute. Stir. Garnish with lemon twist.
1/4 cup garlic cloves (about 6), unpeeled Basic Mashed Potatoes	Preheat oven to 400°F. Arrange garlic in one layer on a double thickness of foil and wrap tightly. Roast garlic in middle of oven 45 minutes, or until very soft. Unwrap garlic and cool slightly. Peel cloves and with a potato masher mash into potatoes until creamy.
1 (750-ml) bottle Tawny Port 1 cup sugar 2 to 3 lb whole medium strawberries, stems left intact and berries rinsed and patted dry	Bring Port and sugar to a boil in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved, and boil, uncovered, until slightly syrupy and reduced to 1 to 1 1/4 cups, about 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes (sauce will thicken as it cools). Transfer to a small bowl and serve with berries for dipping.
1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter 1 1/2 pounds baby spinach	Heat butter in a wide 6-quart heavy pot over moderate heat until foam subsides, then cook spinach, stirring, until just wilted and bright green, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
1/2 pint golden lager or wheat beer 1/2 pint orange juice	Fill a pint glass halfway with orange juice, add beer to fill.
1 bottle Campari 3 cups chilled blood orange juice (from a carton) 3 cups chilled cranberry juice (also from a carton)	Mix the three components together, though you may find it easier to mix in smaller batches, making up more as you need it. Basically, it's just a third part Campari to a third part blood orange juice, to a third part cranberry juice.
1 pound fresh asparagus (12 to 14 medium), trimmed and peeled 1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil (preferably extra-virgin) 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar	Preheat oven to 500°F. In a large shallow baking pan toss asparagus with oil and salt and pepper to taste until coated well. Roast asparagus, shaking pan every 2 minutes, until tender and lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove pan from oven and drizzle vinegar over asparagus, shaking pan to combine well.
1 tablespoon kosher salt 1 whole 4-pound chicken, giblets reserved for another use 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted	Rub or pat salt onto breast, legs, and thighs of chicken. Place chicken in a large resealable plastic bag. Set open bag in a large bowl, keeping chicken breast side up. Chill for at least 8 hours and up to 2 days. Arrange a rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 500°F. Set a wire rack in a large heavy roasting pan. Remove chicken from bag. Pat dry with paper towels (do not rinse). Place chicken, breast side up, on prepared rack. Loosely tie legs together with kitchen twine and tuck wing tips under. Brush chicken all over with some of the butter. Pour 1 cup water into pan. Roast chicken, brushing with butter after 15 minutes, until skin is light golden brown and taut, about 30 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Remove chicken from oven and brush with more butter. Let rest for 15-20 minutes. Return chicken to oven; roast, basting with butter every 10 minutes, until skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165°F, 40-45 minutes. Let rest for 20 minutes. Carve and serve with pan juices.
1 cup water 1/2 cup sugar 4 ounces kumquats (about 14), each cut crosswise into 4 slices, seeded	Bring water and sugar to boil in heavy small saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add kumquat slices. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until kumquats become translucent and tender, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Cool. Do ahead Candied kumquats can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.
Crushed ice 2 ounces white crème de menthe 1/2 ounce brandy	Pack a 4-ounce stemmed wineglass with crushed ice and pour in the crème de menthe. Carefully float the brandy on top.
vegetable oil, for greasing 4 streaky bacon rashers (strips) 8 soft dried pitted prunes	Preheat the oven to 200°C (400°F/gas mark 6). Brush a baking tray with the oil. Cut each bacon rasher in half lengthways. Lay a strip of bacon on a chopping board, place a dried prune at the top edge and roll, wrapping it tightly around the prune. Pierce a cocktail stick through the centre of the wrapped prune to secure. Repeat with the remaining bacon and prunes. Place the prunes on a the prepared baking tray and bake them for 10–15 minutes, turning over half way through cooking, until the bacon is slightly crispy on both sides.
2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces Special equipment: cheesecloth	Bring butter to a boil over moderate heat in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan. Once foam completely covers butter, reduce heat to very low. Continue to cook butter, stirring occasionally, until a thin crust begins to form on surface and milky white solids fall to bottom of pan, about 8 minutes. Continue to cook butter, watching constantly and stirring occasionally to prevent burning, until solids turn light brown and butter deepens to golden and turns translucent and fragrant, 16 to 18 minutes. Remove ghee from heat and pour through a sieve lined with a triple layer of cheesecloth into a jar.
3 pound collard greens, leaves halved lengthwise and stems and center ribs discarded 2 tablespoons vegetable oil	Stack several collard leaf halves and roll up tightly into a cigar shape. Cut crosswise into very thin slices (no wider than 1/8 inch). Roll and slice remaining leaves in same manner. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté collards, tossing with tongs, just until bright green, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper.
1 1/2 cups chopped peeled peaches 3 jiggers (4 1/2 ounces) gin 1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) peach schnapps	In a blender, purée peaches with gin and schnapps, add 3 cups cracked ice, and blend the mixture, scraping down the sides occasionally, until it is smooth but still frozen. Divide the mixture between 2 stemmed glasses.
1 pound mixed baby greens such as frisée, baby spinach or arugula, and Lolla Rosa 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1 teaspoon coarse salt	In a large bowl toss greens with oil and salt. Serve salad immediately.
2 pound red potatoes (preferably organic) 1 cup whole milk 1/2 stick unsalted butter, softened	Cut potatoes (with skin) into 1-inch pieces, then generously cover with cold salted water (1 teaspoon salt for 5 cups water) in a large saucepan and simmer, partially covered, until potatoes are tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Meanwhile, heat milk, butter, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a small saucepan over medium heat until butter is melted. Drain potatoes well in a colander and return to pan. Mash with a potato masher, and, while hot, stir in milk mixture. Season with salt.
6 5- to 6-inch corn tortillas Canola oil Salt, cumin, and chili powder, to taste	Preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly brush tortillas with canola oil. Stack tortillas and cut into 6 wedges. Spread wedges in single layer on baking sheet. Sprinkle chips with salt, cumin, and chili powder. Bake until crisp, about 12 minutes.
2 large navel oranges a 12-ounce bag fresh or unthawed frozen cranberries, picked over (about 3 1/2 cups) 3/4 cup honey	With a vegetable peeler remove three 3-inch-long strips zest from 1 orange. In a saucepan of boiling water blanch zest 1 minute and drain in a colander. Chop zest fine and transfer to a large bowl. Cut away peel and pith from oranges with a sharp knife and discard. Quarter oranges. In a food processor pulse oranges and cranberries until chopped coarse and add to zest. Stir in honey. Chill sauce, covered, at least 1 day and up to 3.
Basic cranberry sauce 1/4 teaspoon cardamom seeds, lightly crushed, from green cardamom pods 1 vanilla bean	Combine all ingredients for basic cranberry sauce in heavy medium saucepan. Add cardamom. Split vanilla bean lengthwise in half; scrape seeds into cranberry mixture and add bean. Cook, cool, and store mixture as directed for basic cranberry sauce. Remove bean before serving.
1/4 vanilla bean 1 (12-ounce) can frozen cranberry juice concentrate 3/4 cup water	Scrape seeds from vanilla pod and whisk together with frozen cranberry juice and water. Freeze mixture in an ice-cream maker. Transfer sorbet to an airtight container and freeze to harden.
1/4 cup brandy 2 tablespoons Chambord or other raspberry liqueur	Divide mixture between two snifters; serve with: Fresh raspberries Whipped cream
2 sticks (8 ounces) unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces Special equipment: cheesecloth	Bring butter to a boil in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat. Once foam completely covers butter, reduce heat to very low. Continue to cook butter, stirring occasionally, until a thin crust begins to form on surface and milky white solids fall to bottom of pan, about 8 minutes. Continue to cook butter, watching constantly and stirring occasionally to prevent burning, until solids turn light brown and butter deepens to golden and becomes translucent and fragrant, 16 to 18 minutes. Remove ghee from heat and pour through a sieve lined with a triple layer of cheesecloth into a jar.
2 cups heavy cream 42 gingersnap cookies (about 10 ounces), divided 3/4 cup orange marmalade, divided	Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, whip cream to stiff peaks in a large bowl. Arrange 10 cookies in a circle (8 around the edge and 2 in the middle) on a cake stand or large plate, breaking 1 center cookie to fit. Top with one-quarter of whipped cream, spreading gently almost to edge of cookies (you’ll want to see them peeking out). Dollop one-quarter of marmalade over. Repeat with 30 cookies and remaining cream and marmalade to make 4 layers, ending with marmalade. Place remaining 2 cookies in a resealable plastic bag. Using the back of a spoon, rolling pin, or meat mallet, crush to fine crumbs. Sprinkle crumbs over top layer, then chill at least 8 hours and up to 2 days.
1 1/2 cups sparkling water 2 (2"-long, 1"-wide) grapefruit peels 2 teaspoons fresh grapefruit juice	Pour sparkling water into a glass filled with ice. Twist 1 grapefruit peel and rub rim of glass. Drop both peels into glass. Stir in grapefruit juice and serve.
1/2 cup olive oil plus more for oiling dish 4 1/4 to 4 1/2 pounds medium red-skinned potatoes, each peeled and quartered 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, divided	Oil 15x10x2-inch glass baking dish. Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 18 minutes. Drain; return to same pot. Stir over low heat to dry, about 1 minute. Remove from heat. Add 1/2 cup oil. Mash until smooth; season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix in 1 tablespoon oregano. Spread in prepared dish; smooth top. Do ahead Can be made ahead. Let stand at room temperature 2 hours or cover and refrigerate overnight. Preheat oven to 350°F. Bake potatoes uncovered 30 minutes. Stir to distribute any crusty parts; press again to even layer. Bake until very hot and beginning to get crusty on bottom, about 45 minutes longer. Remove potatoes from oven and preheat broiler. Broil potatoes until golden and crusty on top, repositioning for even cooking, about 4 minutes. Cut potato cake into 8 squares. Cut each square in half on diagonal. Transfer potato wedges to platter. Sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon oregano.
2 cups frozen blackberries, thawed 1/4 cup black raspberry preserves	Mash 1/2 cup blackberries with fork in small bowl. Puree remaining berries in processor. Pour puree into strainer set over bowl, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard solids in strainer. Whisk preserves and mashed berries into puree. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
2 ounces gin 1/2 ounce sweet vermouth 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
Espresso ground coffee 1/4 cup sugar Special equipment: Stovetop espresso maker	Fill a 6-cup stovetop espresso maker with water and coffee according to the manufacturer's instructions, making sure to pack down the coffee. Place the espresso maker over moderate heat. While the coffee is brewing, place the sugar in a tall container with a spout, such as a liquid measuring cup. As soon as the coffee starts to fill the reservoir, pour about 1/2 tablespoon of coffee over the sugar and return the espresso maker to the heat. Using a spoon, beat the sugar and espresso until the mixture turns a pale beige color and most of the sugar granules begin to dissolve, about 1 minute. The mixture may seem a bit dry at first, but keep beating, and it will come together. Once all the coffee has been brewed, slowly pour the coffee over the creamed sugar, stirring to make sure all the sugar dissolves. A thin layer of sugar foam (crema) should float on top of the coffee. Pour the coffee into espresso cups and serve immediately.
2 ounces amaretto 5 ounces orange juice	Pour the amaretto and orange juice into a highball glass almost filled with ice cubes. Stir well.
1 cup sugar 1/2 cup water 1 cup hulled (green) pumpkin seeds, toasted	Preheat oven to 250°F. Lightly oil a large sheet of foil on a baking sheet and keep warm in oven. Cook sugar, water, and a pinch of salt in a deep 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring slowly with a metal fork, until melted and pale golden. Cook caramel without stirring, swirling pan, until deep golden. Immediately stir in pumpkin seeds and quickly pour onto foil, spreading into a thin sheet before it hardens. (If caramel hardens and is difficult to spread, put in a 400°F oven until warm enough to spread, 1 to 2 minutes.) Cool praline on baking sheet on a rack until completely hardened, then break into large pieces.
45 red radishes 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened 1/4 pound blue cheese, softened	Trim the root ends of the radishes so that the radishes stand securely and with a 1/2-inch melon-ball cutter scoop out a small cavity from each stem end, dropping the radishes as they are cut into a bowl of ice water. (The radishes may be prepared 4 hours ahead and kept chilled in the ice water.) In a food processor fitted with the steel blade or in a bowl with an electric mixer, cream the butter and the blue cheese and transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a medium star tip. Transfer the radishes cavity side down to paper towels and let them drain for 5 minutes. Invert the radishes, pipe the blue cheese butter decoratively into them, and arrange the radishes on a jelly-roll pan. Chill the radishes for 1 to 2 hours, or unitl the filling is firm. Arrange the hors d'oeuvres decoratively on a platter.
3 large egg yolks 1/4 cup sugar 2 tablespoons dry Marsala	Have ready an instant-read thermometer in a cup of hot water. In a metal bowl with a whisk or a hand-held electric mixer beat together all ingredients until combined well. Set bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water and beat mixture until tripled in volume and thermometer registers 140°F, about 5 minutes. To ensure that eggs are cooked, beat mixture 3 minutes more.
2 small eggplants (about 1 pound total)	Prepare a hardwood-charcoal fire in a grill. Let coals cool to medium heat (coals should be covered with ash and glowing red with no black remaining). Place 2 small eggplants (about 1 pound total) directly on coals and cook, turning occasionally, until skins are blackened and flesh has collapsed, 10-15 minutes. (Alternatively, grill on the grate of a gas or charcoal grill over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, 15-20 minutes.) Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and let cool slightly. Carefully remove skins from eggplants, leaving stems intact. Place eggplants on a wire rack set inside the same rimmed baking sheet and let stand 30 minutes to allow excess water to drain. Just before serving, split lengthwise and serve with desired sauce.
1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, softened 1 garlic clove, pressed	Mix butter with garlic. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve with warm tortillas.
1/4 cup peanut oil 1 tablespoon dried hot red-pepper flakes	Heat oil with red-pepper flakes in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, swirling pan occasionally, until red-pepper flakes begin to sizzle, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Pour into a heatproof bowl and cool to room temperature. Stir before using.
1 pound fresh horseradish root 8 tablespoons white wine vinegar 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt	Peel and coarsely grate 1 pound fresh horseradish root. Combine grated horseradish, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, and 2 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt in a food processor; pulse 4 or 5 times, or until the horseradish begins to break down. Add 6 tablespoons more vinegar, a tablespoonful at a time, until mixture forms a coarse paste. Transfer mixture to a jar and refrigerate for up to 1 month.
3 cups short- or medium-grain Asian white rice (sometimes labeled "sushi rice"; preferably Korean or Japanese; not sweet or glutinous) 3 1/2 cups water	Rinse rice in a fine-mesh sieve until water is almost clear. Drain well and transfer to a 3-quart heavy saucepan. Add water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Cover tightly with lid, then reduce heat to low and simmer 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Gently fold rice from top to bottom with a rubber spatula before serving.
N/A	There are several methods for reheating corn tortillas: dry heat (gas flame), moist heat (steamer and microwave) and oily heat (dry-frying).
2 cups (500 ml) Vanilla Ice Cream Base 1/2 cup (125 ml) coffee essence 1/2 cup (125 ml) whiskey	Remove the ice cream from the freezer and let soften for 10 minutes. Divide 1/2 cup (125 ml) among six popsicle molds, pushing it right into the tip as evenly as possible. Place the molds in the freezer while you prepare the coffee layer. Let the remaining ice cream soften for another 10 minutes, then place in a bowl and stir in the coffee essence and whiskey. Remove the popsicle molds from the freezer and layer the flavored ice cream on top of the frozen ice cream in the tips of the molds. Insert the popsicle sticks and freeze until solid, about 2 hours.
1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) gin 1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) chilled cranberry juice cocktail 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice	In a cocktail shaker filled halfway with ice combine all ingredients and shake well. Strain mixture into a chilled stemmed cocktail glass and garnish with lemon.
2 ounces light rum 1 ounce plus one teaspoon fresh lime juice 1/2 ounce simple syrup	In cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine rum, lime juice, and simple syrup. Shake vigorously, then strain into cocktail glass.
2 cups water 3 ounces Mexican chocolate (available at Hispanic markets), broken into small pieces	In a small heavy saucepan, bring water to a boil, stir in chocolate, and cook the mixture over low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes, or until the chocolate is melted. Pour the mixture into an earthenware pitcher and whip it to a froth with a wooden molinillo (Mexican beater, available at Hispanic markets). Or blend the mixture in a blender for 2 to 3 seconds, or until it is frothy. (If desired, 2 cups scalded milk can be substituuted for the water.)
1/2 cup (4.3 oz / 120 g) water 1/2 cup (3.5 oz / 100 g) sugar	Combine the water and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until the sugar dissolves, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and let cool before using.
1 1/2 pounds (about 1 large bunch) broccoli, stalks trimmed to 2 inches below crowns 3 tablespoons olive oil 1 cup grated Asiago cheese	Preheat oven to 450°F. Cut each crown of broccoli lengthwise into 4 spears. Place broccoli in large bowl; toss with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Transfer broccoli to large rimmed baking sheet. Add grated Asiago cheese to same bowl. Roast broccoli until crisp-tender and stalks begin to brown, about 25 minutes. Return broccoli to bowl with cheese. Using tongs, toss to coat.
1 (3 1/2–4-lb.) chicken Kosher salt	Pat dry chicken with paper towels. Holding a 5-finger pinch of salt and positioning your hand at least 10" above chicken, evenly rain salt down over chicken. Repeat with several more pinches of salt until both inside and outside of chicken are covered with salt (be generous and make sure to get inside all the nooks and crannies). Place chicken on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet and chill uncovered at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Let sit at room temperature 1 hour. Preheat oven to 425°F. Roast chicken until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of chicken thigh registers 165°F, 40–55 minutes. Transfer chicken to a cutting board and let rest 15 minutes before carving. Divide pasta among bowls and top with chervil, if desired.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
12 large Tuscan kale leaves, rinsed, dried, cut lengthwise in half, center ribs and stems removed 1 tablespoon olive oil	Preheat oven to 250°F. Toss kale with oil in large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange leaves in single layer on 2 large baking sheets. Bake until crisp, about 30 minutes for flat leaves and up to 33 minutes for wrinkled leaves. Transfer leaves to rack to cool.
4-ounce wedge Manchego cheese, room temperature 4-ounce piece quince paste	Trim the rind from the Manchego cheese; cut into 6 wedges and place 1 cheese wedge on each of 6 plates. Cut quince paste into 6 slices; place 1 slice atop each wedge of cheese.
1/2 pound bacon slices (10 slices) 1/2 cup Demerara sugar Special equipment: brown paper such as a grocery bag or butcher paper	Cook bacon in 2 batches in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, turning over once, until bacon is lightly browned on edges but still flexible, 5 to 6 minutes total per batch. Transfer bacon as cooked to paper towels to drain. Pour off fat from skillet and arrange bacon in skillet in 1 layer. Sprinkle Demerara sugar over bacon and cook over low heat, turning occasionally with tongs, until sugar is dissolved, caramelized (sugar melts very slowly and burns easily; reduce heat if necessary after sugar begins to caramelize), and coats bacon, 8 to 10 minutes. (Bacon will be dark and look lacquered.) Transfer bacon with tongs to brown paper to cool.
1 box risotto (try Lundberg Garlic Primavera) 8 oz frozen shrimp	Make risotto per package directions. Halfway through simmering time, boil a pot of water. Add frozen shrimp and cook until they start to turn pink. Drain. Stir into risotto and serve.
1 1/2 ounces tequila 4 ounces pineapple juice 1/2 ounce blue curaçao	Pour the tequila and pineapple juice into a highball glass almost filled with ice cubes. Stir well. Drop the curaçao into the center of the drink.
1 bag tortilla chips (i used 1/2 baked blue corn & half white corn) 2 cups cheese (I used a mexican blend cheese which is a blend of monterey jack, cheddar and queso blanco) 1- 15 oz can black beans, drained and rinsed	Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place 1/2 of chips in an oven safe dish or on a cookie sheet. Cover with 1/2 of the cheese and beans. Cover with the remaining chips, cheese and beans and bake for 10-15 minutes or until cheese is melted over chips. Top with guacamole, sour cream, salsa and or olives. Optional Accompaniments: Sour Cream, Guacamole, Salsa, Sliced Black Olives
3 cups raw cashews, soaked for 10 to 12 hours in filtered water, rinsed and drained 6 cups filtered water	To make the milk: In a high-speed blender, combine the cashews and water and blend until creamy. Line a large sieve with a double thickness of cheesecloth and place over a bowl. Pour the cashew mixture into the sieve and let drain, then grab the corners of the cheesecloth, hold together securely, and squeeze the cheesecloth to extract all of the milk. Reserve the pulp in the sieve for making the flour. Transfer the milk to a covered container and refrigerate for up to 3 days. To make the flour: Using an offset spatula, spread the pulp on a nonstick drying sheet on a dehydrator shelf. Dehydrate at 105°F for 24 hours, or until completely dry. Transfer the dehydrated pulp to a food processor and grind to a silky flour. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 cup Thai jasmine rice 1 cup cold water	Add 1 inch cold water to a kettle fitted with a metal rack or trivet and deep enough to hold a 1-quart metal bowl. Rinse rice well and drain. Transfer rice to bowl and add 1 cup cold water. Put bowl on rack in kettle and bring water to a boil, covered. Steam rice, covered, over moderate heat 25 minutes. Remove kettle from heat and with tongs remove rice bowl. Fluff rice with a fork.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
8 cups (about 1/2 pound) mesclun (mixed baby greens), rinsed and spun dry 2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, or to taste 2 teaspoons Sherry vinegar (available at specialty foods shops and some supermarkets) or other wine vinegar	In a salad bowl toss the mesclun well with the oil and drizzle it with the vinegar. Season the salad with salt and pepper and toss it well.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 1/2 cups balsamic vinegar 3/4 cup hoisin sauce 2 tablespoons unsalted butter	Simmer vinegar, hoisin sauce, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a small heavy saucepan, uncovered, stirring frequently, until reduced to about 1 1/2 cups, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in butter until melted.
6 tablespoons olive oil 2 large baguettes 1 teaspoon coarse salt	1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. 2. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of the olive oil onto a large baking sheet. 3. Slice baguettes crosswise in 1/2-inch slices and lay slices in a single layer on baking sheet. Drizzle the remaining olive oil over slices. Sprinkle slices evenly with salt and bake until crispy and golden brown, approximately 20-25 minutes.
3 cups fresh blackberries or 3/4 pound frozen blackberries, thawed and drained 3 cups granulated sugar 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt	Mash berries with sugar and salt in a bowl with a potato masher until berries are liquefied and sugar has dissolved. Let stand, covered and chilled, 3 days (to allow flavors to develop), stirring once a day.
10 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped 24 fresh lemon or camellia leaves (or other nonpoisonous leaves), wiped clean with damp cloth	Line baking sheet with foil. Stir chocolate in top of double boiler set over simmering water until melted and smooth (do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water). Remove from over water. Using back of spoon, spread chocolate over veined underside of 1 leaf; wipe away any chocolate that drips over edge. Place leaf, chocolate side up, on prepared sheet. Repeat coating with remaining leaves and chocolate. Refrigerate just until chocolate sets, about 1 hour. Carefully peel chocolate leaves off lemon leaves. Return chocolate leaves to same sheet. Cover; chill up to 1 week.
3 large garlic cloves 1/2 cup olive oil 3 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes	Thinly slice garlic and in a small heavy saucepan cook in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until pale golden, about 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and transfer oil with garlic to a glass measuring cup to cool. (Garlic will continue to brown as it cools.) Cut tomatoes into wedges and toss together in a serving dish. Season tomatoes with salt and pepper and drizzle with garlic-oil mixture.
2 1/2 cups chilled vodka, divided 10 large pimiento-stuffed olives 10 tablespoons juice from jar of olives	Pour 1/4 cup vodka into each of the 10 chilled Martini glasses. Martini glasses. Add 1 olive and 1 tablespoon olive juice to each glass. Serve.
1 1/2 ounces Scotch whisky 1 1/2 ounces sweet vermouth 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
1 (10-ounce) jar corn relish (available at amazon.com) 1/2 thin 18-inch baguette, sliced lengthwise, interior crumb removed 4 ounces Black Forest or other good-quality cooked ham, sliced thin	1. Spread the relish along both halves of the baguette. 2. Divide the ham evenly along the length. 3. Close the baguette and wrap it tightly in waxed paper, then in aluminum foil. 4. Place the sandwich at the bottom of the cooler so the weight of the other contents compresses the sandwich and allows the juices to soak into the bread.
1/4 cup olive oil 2 medium butternut squash, peeled, cut into 3/4-inch cubes (about 6 cups) 1/4 cup honey	Heat oil in heavy large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add squash; cover and cook until squash is just tender and beginning to color, stirring occasionally, about 12 minutes. Add honey; toss until squash is glazed. Season with salt and pepper.
8 egg yolks 1 1/2 cups rich milk 1/2 cup sugar	Blend the egg yolks, milk, and sugar and cook in the top of a double boiler over hot (not boiling) water, stirring constantly. As soon as the mixture begins to thicken and slightly coats the spoon, pour into a bowl to cool. Do not overcook or it will curdle.
2 pints mango sorbet, softened 1 1/2 pints good raspberry sorbet, softened 1 pint good strawberry ice cream, softened	Freeze an 8-inch bowl. When it's cold, place the mango sorbet in the bowl and press it against the sides of the bowl. If you have a 6 1/2-inch bowl the same shape as the 8-inch bowl (such as from a set of nesting bowls), press it into the sorbet to make the layer even. Remove the smaller bowl and freeze for 30 minutes. Spread an even layer of softened raspberry sorbet on top of the mango sorbet (a 4 1/2-inch nesting bowl helps with this) and freeze for another 30 minutes. Finally, spoon in enough softened strawberry ice cream to fill the bowl. Freeze until hard. To unmold, dip the bowl up to the rim in warm water. Run a knife around the edge to loosen the bombe and unmold upside down onto a flat plate. You may need to run a flexible metal spatula along the edge of the bombe to release it. Freeze until ready to serve. Serve in wedges.
4 cups (1 3/4 pounds) cubed seedless watermelon (from a 4 pound melon) 1/2 cup sugar 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice	Purée all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Pour into a 9x9x2" metal baking pan. Freeze mixture for 1 hour. Stir, mashing any frozen parts with the back of a fork. Cover and freeze mixture until firm, about 2 hours. Using a fork, scrape granita vigorously to form icy flakes. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover tightly with foil and keep frozen. Give it a quick scrape before serving.
3 6 ounce containers fresh raspberries 1/2 cup sugar 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice	Purée all ingredients and 3/4 cup water in a food processor until smooth. Set a fine-mesh strainer over a medium pitcher; strain, pressing on solids to measure about 3 1/2 cups purée. Divide among molds. Cover; insert ice-pop sticks. Freeze until firm. Dip bottoms of molds into hot water for 20-30 seconds to loosen pops. Remove from molds and serve.
2 ounces bourbon 3/4 ounce fresh lemon juice 3/4 ounce honey	Combine bourbon, lemon juice, and honey in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice, cover, and shake very vigorously to help dissolve honey until outside of shaker is very cold, about 20 seconds. Strain cocktail through a Hawthorne strainer or a slotted spoon into an old-fashioned or rocks glass with 1 large ice cube or several smaller ones.
1/2 cup plain pomegranate juice (such as POM Wonderful) 1/2 cup sugar 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice	Bring pomegranate juice and sugar to a boil in a 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then simmer until reduced to about 1/2 cup, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice. Cool to room temperature.
2 cups superfine sugar 2 cups water	Combine 2 cups each superfine sugar and water in an airtight container. Cover and shake until sugar dissolves.
1 or 1 1/2 ounces Bénédictine 1 or 1 1/2 ounces brandy	Mix together and serve in a liqueur glass, or over shaved ice as a frappé in a cocktail glass.
4 ounces chilled pink champagne 4 ounces chilled orange juice Dash crème de cassis	Pour the champagne into a saucer champagne glass. Add the orange juice and cassis.
1 1/3 lbs couverture chocolate or 1 1/3 lbs dark chocolate (70% cocoa), chopped	Place two-thirds of the chocolate in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water, making sure the base of the bowl does not touch the water (this setup is called a "double boiler"). Allow the chocolate to melt, stirring occasionally, until it reaches its correct melting temperature (see below). Remove the bowl from the heat, add the remaining chocolate, and combine with a spatula. As the chocolate melts, allow the temperature of the mixture to fall to the cooling temperature. Reheat the chocolate to the "using temperature" (see below) over the saucepan of simmering water. To check the temper of the chocolate, dip the point of a knife into it¿the chocolate should set quickly and evenly at room temperature. When working with tempered chocolate, make sure you keep it at "using temperature" or the chocolate will lose its temper.
1 cup chilled whipping cream 2 tablespoons (packed) golden brown sugar 1 1/2 tablespoons dark rum	Beat whipping cream, brown sugar and rum in medium bowl until soft peaks form. (Can be prepared 2 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
1 ounce crème de cassis raspberry lambic beer (such as Lindemans Framboise) Mint sprig garnish	Add 1 ounce crème de cassis to a pint glass filled with ice. Top off with raspberry lambic beer (such as Lindemans Framboise). Garnish with a mint sprig.
a whole-grain baguette or other whole-grain country-style loaf 8 ounces cold raclette cheese 4 teaspoons whole-grain mustard	Preheat broiler. Diagonally cut eight 1/2-inch-thick slices from bread, reserving remainder for another use. On a baking sheet toast one side of bread slices under broiler about 4 inches from heat and leave broiler on. Using a cheese plane thinly slice raclette. Turn bread over and spread 1/2 teaspoon mustard on untoasted side of each slice. Top toasts with cheese and broil until cheese is just melted, about 2 minutes.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
3/4 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, rinsed and spun dry, plus fresh mint sprigs for garnish 1/4 cup bourbon A 750-ml. bottle champagne, chilled	In a small bowl combine the mint leaves and the bourbon, crushing the mint slightly to extract the flavor, and chill the mixture, covered, for at least 6 hours or overnight. (The flavor improves the longer the mixture is chilled.) Strain the bourbon mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the mint leaves, and discard the leaves. Spoon 2 teaspoons of the bourbon into each of 6 champagne flutes, divide the champagne among the flutes, and garnish the drinks with the mint sprigs.
4 pounds yams (red-skinned sweet potatoes) 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter	Preheat oven to 400°F. Roast yams until tender when pierced with knife, about 1 hour. Cool slightly. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Cook until butter turns light brown, about 5 minutes. Scoop flesh from yams into processor. Process until smooth. Blend in brown butter. Season to taste with salt. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. Rewarm in microwave before serving.)
1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) tequila 1 to 1 1/2 ounces Cuarenta y Tres (Spanish herbal fruit liqueur) Seltzer or club soda	In a tall glass three-fourths full of ice cubes, stir together tequila and Cuarenta y Tres and top off with seltzer or club soda.
2 cups extra-long-grain rice (rices grown in the southern United States and jasmine rice from Thailand are preferred) 15 ounces cold water	Place rice in a pot with sufficient water to cover. Wash rice three times in the cold water in the pot by rubbing it between your hands. Drain well after washing. Add 15 ounces water to the rice and allow it to rest for 1 hour before cooking. I prefer that so-called old rice be used — rice that has been lying about in sacks for extended periods, for it will absorb water better and will cook easier. (It is often suggested that a ratio of 2 cups of rice to 2 cups of water be used. This is unsatisfactory because it will be too soft.) Begin cooking the rice, uncovered, over high heat, by bringing the water to a boil. Stir the rice with the wooden spoon or chopsticks and cook about 4 minutes or until the water is absorbed, or evaporates. Even after the water is gone, the rice will continue to be quite hard. Cover the pot and cook over very low heat for about 8 minutes more, stirring the rice from time to time. Turn off the heat and loosen the rice with the wooden spoon or chopsticks. This will help it retain its fluffiness. Cover tightly until ready to serve. Just before serving, stir and loosen the rice once again. Well-cooked rice will have absorbed the water but will not be lumpy, nor will the kernels stick together. They will be firm and separate. The rice may be kept hot in a warm oven for an hour without drying out.
6 pounds turnips, peeled, sliced into 1/2-inch rounds 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, melted 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg	Preheat oven to 325°F. Toss turnips and butter in 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. Sprinkle turnips with salt and pepper. Cover dish with foil. Bake until tender, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and mash coarsely. Stir in nutmeg. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
1 1/2 pounds sweet potatoes 1 large rutabaga, about 1 1/2 pounds 6 slices bacon	Peel sweet potatoes with a vegetable peeler. Cut them in half lengthwise, and then cut them crosswise to make 1/2-inch slices. Peel rutabaga with a small sharp knife and cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Cut 3 slices of bacon into small pieces and place in a medium pot with a cover. Heat gently for a few minutes, until fat is rendered, making sure bacon does not crisp. Add sweet potatoes and rutabagas. Using large spoon, toss vegetables to coat with bacon fat. Cook over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add 5 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 black peppercorns. Bring to a boil. Lower heat to medium and cover pot. Cook for 45 minutes, or until vegetables are very soft. Meanwhile, in a nonstick skillet, cook remaining bacon on both sides until just crisp, then place on paper towels to drain. Working in 2 batches, transfer vegetables and cooking liquid to bowl of a food processor. Process until very, very smooth. Return to pot. Add salt to taste and gently reheat. Ladle soup into bowls and crumble crisp bacon on top.
about 16 ounces chilled root beer 2 scoops vanilla ice cream	Fill 2 tall glasses two thirds full with root beer and top each with a scoop of ice cream. Serve black cows with straws and long-handled spoons.
2 ounces gin (preferably Tanqueray) 1 to 3 lime wedges 3 to 4 ounces tonic water	Add 2 ounces gin (preferably Tanqueray) to a highball glass filled with ice. Squeeze in 1-3 lime wedges to taste, then add them to glass. Add 3-4 ounces tonic water; stir to combine.
1/2 cup chilled dry white wine 1 tablespoon crème de cassis Chilled sparkling water (optional)	
3/4 pound small white potatoes, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices 3/4 pound haricots verts (thin French green beans), trimmed	In a large steamer set over boiling water layer potatoes and beans and steam, covered, until potatoes are tender, about 8 minutes. Season vegetables with salt and pepper.
1 cup sugar 1/4 cup unseasoned rice vinegar 10 ounces fresh or frozen blackberries (about 2 cups)	Cook sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat, without stirring, until it begins to turn golden brown around the edges. Stir to incorporate melted sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until all sugar is melted and caramel turns a deep amber color, 6–8 minutes. Remove pan from heat and carefully add vinegar to caramel (mixture will bubble vigorously and seize), then add berries. Return pan to medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until seized caramel is melted and berries are softened, 6–8 minutes. Let cool. DO AHEAD: Caramel sauce can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.
2 tablespoons canola oil 1/2 cup garlic cloves, finely chopped 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley	Heat oil in heavy small skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic; sauté until golden and beginning to crisp, about 1 minute. Using slotted spoon, transfer garlic to small bowl; cool. Mix in parsley. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.
Reserved solids from crab bisque 4 sticks (1 pound) unsalted butter 1/2 teaspoon paprika (not hot)	Preheat oven to 450°F with rack in lowest position. Put reserved crab solids in a 3-quart ovenproof heavy pot. Put butter on top of solids, then cover and cook in oven 1 hour. Remove pot from oven and add enough cold water to reach 1/4 inch below rim of pot. Let stand, uncovered, about 10 minutes to allow melted butter to rise to surface of water. Skim melted butter with a large spoon or ladle into a 1-quart saucepan, then boil until butter stops crackling (when all water has been boiled out) and turns clear, about 15 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl. Stir in paprika.
1 ice cube 1/4 cup orange juice 4 ounces champagne	Place the ice cube in an 8-ounce wineglass, add the orange juice, pour in the champagne and stir.
1/3 cup sugar 1 cup fresh lemon juice 1 cup packed fresh mint leaves, rinsed and spun dry	In a saucepan combine the sugar and the lemon juice, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and let the syrup cool. In a blender or food processor purée the mint with the syrup, transfer the mixture to 2 metal ice-cube trays without dividers or a shallow metal pan, and freeze it, stirring and crushing the lumps with a fork every 30 minutes, for 2 to 3 hours, or until it is firm but not frozen solid. Scrape the granita with a fork to lighten the texture and serve it in chilled goblets.
2 cups heavy cream 1 tablespoon buttermilk	In a small bowl, whisk together the cream and buttermilk and cover with cheesecloth. Let the mixture stand at room temperature for 48 hours. Discard the cheesecloth and remove the skin that has formed on top of the cream, discarding it as well. The crème fraîche will keep, in a covered container in your refrigerator, for up to 2 weeks.
1 pound (450 grams) sifted durum wheat flour or semolina (semolino di grano duro) 1 cup (200 milliliters) water in a measuring cup, plus some extra if needed extra flour for dusting and adjusting	Hand method: Sift the flour onto a large wooden board. Form the flour into a mound with the approximate profile of Mount Fuji. Form your hand into a loose fist, and, with the back of the fingers, gently ream out the center of the mound until you have something that resembles a low, broad volcano with a very deep crater. Italian cooks call this a fountain, fontana, for the pool of liquid in the center, but it's definitely a cone. Pour about half the water into the crater; add more water gradually as needed. Incorporate the liquid from the center outward. The walls of the crater will keep the liquid from running out. When the liquid has absorbed enough flour that you now have a messy, wet dough surrounded by flour, knock what's left of the volcano in toward the center and begin to knead with your hands to incorporate the rest of the flour into the dough. Scrape up all the remaining flour and the dough bits and squeeze them into the dough.
1 1/2 cups salt, plus more to taste 2 pounds raw peanuts in the shell, or 3 pounds green peanuts	1 In a 10- to 12-quart stockpot, stir 1/2 cup salt into 2 gallons of water until the salt dissolves, and add the raw peanuts. Use a large dinner plate or two to help submerge the floating peanuts. Allow to soak for 8 hours or overnight. (This step saves a little time boiling, and thus fuel, but if you don't have the luxury of time, skip this step. Skip it also if you're using green peanuts.) 2 Drain the soaking water and fill the pot of peanuts with 2 gallons of fresh water and the remaining cup of salt. Note the level of the water on the side of the pot. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, and simmer, covered, for 6 to 8 hours (or 2 to 3 hours for green peanuts), keeping the water in the pot within an inch or so of its original level with regular additions of water, until the peanuts are soft as a roasted chestnut or softer. 3 When the peanuts have boiled for 3 hours (or 1 hour for green peanuts), sample them to check their texture and salinity. Remove a peanut, and when it is cool enough to handle, crack open the shell and give the kernel a chew, slurping some brine with it. If the peanut crunches, it should be cooked further. If the brine lacks enough salt, add by 1/4-cup amounts; if it is too salty, remove a portion of the water and replace with the same volume of fresh water. Allow an hour for the salinity to equalize before testing again. Sample every hour until the peanuts are pleasantly yielding and as salty and appetizing as a good pickle. 4 When the peanuts are cooked to your satisfaction, turn off the heat and allow them to cool in the pot for an hour (or 30 minutes for green peanuts). When cool enough to handle, drain and eat immediately or store in the shell, in a sealed container, in the refrigerator or freezer. (Boiled peanuts will keep for 7 to 10 days in the refrigerator and for several months in the freezer.)
2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns 3 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest 1 tablespoon kosher salt	Finely crush whole black peppercorns in a spice mill. Transfer to a small bowl; stir in lemon zest and kosher salt. Rub seasoning between your fingertips to break up any clumps of zest. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
2 pounds bacon 3 cups vegetable oil	If using a top-down broiler, arrange rack on second-to-top rung. Heat broiler on high. Arrange bacon, fat side up, in 2 layers in a 13x9" metal baking dish. Pour oil over; bacon should be mostly submerged. Broil, checking often and watching carefully, until fat is partially rendered and edges start to crisp on top layer, 15–20 minutes. Transfer dish to a wire rack. Heat a griddle or large skillet over medium. Working in batches, remove bacon from oil, letting oil drip back into dish, and cook until crisp, about 2 minutes on each side.
1 1/2 cups unpasteurized, good quality red wine vinegar 4 1/2 cups good-quality red wine	Place the vinegar and the wine in a crock or jar, such as a large canning jar. It should hold at least 1 gallon, with enough extra space to allow for plenty of air circulation. Cover the opening with a cotton towel or piece of muslin, secure it with a rubber band, and place it in a warm spot (68-70°F.) for 1 to 2 months. Check it occasionally, and sniff it. It will gradually assume a distinct vinegar aroma, and you will notice a slight film, or voile, appearing on the top. Don't move the jar, for it might disrupt the film, which is the beginning of the bacteria that will create a blanket on top of the vinegar and turn any wine you add to vinegar. When the mixture has a distinct smell of vinegar (after at least 1 month), transfer it to a crock with a spigot, or to a small barrel with spigot and a bunghole, by pouring as much of the vinegar as possible into the new container, then carefully transferring the mère by hand. Draw off one third of the vinegar and bottle it for use. Replace that with an equal amount of wine. From then on, add ends of bottles to the vinegar crock, making sure you never submerge the mère and that you don't add too much all at once, which could cause the mère to expire. After adding wine, wait at least 2 weeks to draw off any vinegar.
6 6-inch-diameter pita breads 6 tablespoons olive oil 1 1/4 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese	Preheat oven to 325°F. Cut each pita bread horizontally in half, forming 2 pita disks. Brush disks with olive oil. Sprinkle disks with Parmesan cheese, then pepper. Cut each disk into 6 wedges. Arrange pita wedges in single layer on large baking sheets. Bake until pita wedges are golden and just crisp, about 12 minutes. (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cool completely. Store airtight at room temperature. Rewarm in 325°F oven about 5 minutes.)
1 teaspoon white vinegar About 20 drops liquid food coloring White-shelled hard-boiled eggs	To make 1 color Line large baking sheet with paper towels and top with wire cooling rack. In small bowl or cup, stir together 1/2 cup boiling water, vinegar, and food coloring. Immerse eggs in dye, turning occasionally to ensure even coating, until desired color, about 5 minutes. Using slotted spoon or tongs, remove eggs from dye and transfer to rack to drain. Refrigerate when dry.
3 pounds small carrots (including greens; carrots about 5 inches long), tops trimmed to 1 inch and carrots peeled 2 tablespoons olive oil	Preheat oven to 500°F with rack in lower third. Toss carrots with oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and spread out in a large 4-sided sheet pan. Roast 20 minutes. Reduce oven to 325°F and roast, stirring occasionally, until carrots are browned and tender, about 25 minutes more.
4 cups premium vanilla ice cream 1 cup whole milk 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate	Purée all ingredients in a blender just until smooth.
3 large eggs Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste 1 1/2 tablespoons unsalted butter	Heat an 8-inch nonstick omelet pan over medium heat. Beat the eggs with the salt and pepper in a small bowl with a whisk or fork. Place the butter in the pan and swirl it around in the pan to distribute evenly. When the butter has melted and the foam subsides, pour the eggs into the pan. Let the eggs sit for a few seconds to begin cooking, then push the outer edges of the eggs toward the center of the pan with a spatula. As they cook, continue pushing the edges toward the center, allowing uncooked egg to flow to the outer edges of the pan. When the eggs are still moist but no longer runny, place the desired filling on one side of the omelet. Fold the omelet over the filling with a spatula. Slide the omelet onto a warm plate and serve immediately or keep warm while you make the remaining omelets. Garnish as desired.
2 tablespoons olive oil 1 pound Padrón or shishito peppers Flaky sea salt (such as Maldon)	Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat until just smoking. Add half of the peppers; cook, tossing occasionally, until skins are blistered and flesh is softened, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, sprinkle with salt, and toss to coat. Repeat with remaining peppers, remaining 1 tablespoon oil, and more salt.
1/2 cup Mexican sour cream 1/2 tsp finely grated lime zest 2 tsp lime juice	Combine all the ingredients and mix well. The cream is ready to use now or it can be stored in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 2 days.
1 cup chilled champagne 1/2 cup chilled passionfruit nectar or juice	Divide champagne between 2 glasses and top off each drink with nectar or juice (3 to 4 tablespoons).
2 - 2 1/2 pound tri-tip steak (about 2" thick) Kosher salt Chipotle Rub	Sprinkle tri-tip with kosher salt. Massage Chipotle Rub into meat. Let steak sit at room temperature for 1 hour or refrigerate uncovered overnight. Bring to room temperature before grilling. Build a two-zone fire in a charcoal grill, or preheat a gas grill to medium-high. Cook 3-4 minutes per side over direct heat until nicely charred. Transfer to low-heat side (or lower gas grill heat to medium) and cook an additional 6-8 minutes per side or until an instant-read thermometer registers 120°F for rare (steak will carry over to 125°F, or medium-rare, as it rests). Transfer meat to a carving board; let rest for 10 minutes. Thinly slice against the grain.
3 cups green peas (frozen and defrosted, or fresh—not canned) 2 cups vegetable stock or broth 3 mint leaves	Combine peas, stock and mint in a blender or food processor. You can adjust the proportion of peas to stock depending on your taste for viscosity. Heat in a pot. Season with salt and pepper. Serve in bowls. (This is important; soup should not be served on a plate!) Makes 4 cups
6 cups steaming-hot milk 3 cups hot brewed strong coffee (preferably New Orleans–style with chicory)	Blend milk in 2 batches in a blender until frothy (use caution when blending hot liquids). Divide coffee among 6 large cups and top off with hot milk.
4 blood oranges 1 12-ounce bag fresh cranberries 2/3 cup sugar	Cut off all peel and white pith from 3 blood oranges. Using small sharp knife, cut between membranes to release segments into small bowl (see below). Set bowl with blood orange segments aside. Cut remaining unpeeled blood orange into 8 pieces and place in food processor. Add fresh cranberries and 2/3 cup sugar; using on/off turns, blend until mixture is finely chopped. Transfer relish to medium bowl; stir in blood orange segments. Cover and refrigerate relish overnight. DO AHEAD: Cranberry relish can be made 2 days ahead. Keep refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 1/2 ounces gin 3/4 ounce crème de cacao 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
1/2 cup water 1/2 cup sugar 6 tablespoons light Fino Sherry	Bring water, sugar, and Sherry to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then boil until reduced to about 3/4 cup, about 5 minutes. Cool syrup completely before using, about 1 hour.
1/2 cup picked-over blueberries a 750-ml. bottle Absolut Citron vodka	Wash and dry blueberries. Pour off about 2 tablespoons vodka (just enough for a teeny Martini) to make room for blueberries. Put berries in bottle of vodka. Let vodka stand at room temperature 3 days. Freeze aquavit in bottle at least 8 hours, or until ice-cold, and up to 3 days. (Because of its high alcohol content, aquavit will remain liquid.) Pour aquavit into a decanter and serve ice-cold.
1 teaspoon finely grated lemon peel 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg 1 pint vanilla ice cream, slightly softened	Whisk lemon peel and nutmeg into slightly softened vanilla ice cream. Freeze until firm.
1 14-ounce can whole-berry cranberry sauce 1/2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel	Mix thyme and lemon peel into cranberry sauce and serve.
1 meaty ham hock (about 10 ounces) 2 quarts water 2 pound green beans, trimmed	Bring ham hock and water to a boil with 2 1/2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a medium pot. Add green beans and cook, uncovered, until very soft, about 1 hour. Transfer ham hock to a cutting board and discard skin, then finely chop meat, discarding bone. Reserve 1 cup cooking liquid. Drain beans, then toss with ham and reserved cooking liquid. Season with salt and pepper.
6 pounds chayotes (mirlitons) 3 tablespoons olive oil 1/2 cup thinly sliced garlic (10 to 12 cloves)	Preheat oven to 450°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Wearing protective gloves, halve chayotes lengthwise and discard seeds. Peel, then cut lengthwise into 1-inch wedges. Toss with oil and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Divide between 2 large 4-sided sheet pans. Roast 30 minutes. Divide garlic between pans, then continue to roast, turning occasionally, until chayotes are golden brown on edges, about 30 minutes more. Season with salt.
Food-Processor Pasta Dough , rolled out all-purpose flour for tossing	Attach ribbon-pasta cutters to pasta machine and attach handle to thinnest cutter. Line a tray with a dry kitchen towel. Feed first rolled out pasta sheet, which will have dried out slightly but will still be soft, through cutter and toss generously with flour. Form pasta loosely into nest and arrange on kitchen-towel-lined tray. Make more taglierini with remaining dough in same manner. Taglierini may be made 1 day ahead and chilled on towel-lined tray, covered loosely with plastic wrap.
4 1/2 cups water 1 teaspoon salt 3 cups long-grain white rice	Bring water with salt to a boil in a 4-quart heavy saucepan with a tight-fitting lid. Add rice and stir once, then reduce heat to low and cook, covered, 20 minutes. Remove pan from heat (do not lift lid) and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff rice gently with a fork.
2 1/2 cups BA Biscuit Mix 3 large eggs, separated 1 1/4 cups whole milk	Place 2 1/2 cups BA Biscuit Mix in a large bowl and set aside. Separate 3 large eggs, placing yolks in a medium bowl and whites in a large bowl. Add 1 1/4 cups whole milk to the yolks; whisk to combine. Whisk egg whites until medium peaks form. Working quickly, stir milk mixture into dry ingredients until just combined. Fold in egg whites. Cook in batches in a buttered skillet or on a griddle.
1/2 lb fresh ginger, peeled 1 cup vegetable oil Special equipment: a Japanese Benriner or other adjustable-blade slicer; a deep-fat thermometer	Cut ginger lengthwise into very thin slices with slicer, then cut slices lengthwise into very fine shreds with a sharp knife. Heat oil in a 1-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat until it registers 360°F on thermometer. Fry ginger in 4 batches, stirring frequently, until crisp and golden, 1 to 2 minutes per batch. Transfer with a slotted spoon or skimmer to paper towels to drain. Return oil to 360°F between batches.
1 pound whole large shallots in their skins	Preheat oven to 425°F. Rinse 1 pound whole large shallots in their skins and place on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast until skins are deep golden brown and blistered and flesh is very tender throughout, easily yielding when pierced with a knife, 50–60 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle. Split open to eat, or slip shallots out of skins to use in vinaigrettes, sauces, or condiments.
1 28-ounce can tomatoes	Start with the best canned plum or pear tomatoes you can find. I recommend Valoroso or DiNapoli brands. Whether you start with canned or cooked fresh tomatoes, you'll want to rinse your hands frequently as you work, so set up your station near the sink or have a bowl of cold water nearby. Put a strainer over a bowl. Working over a second bowl, lift a tomato, pinch off the head (stem end) and any unripe areas, and let those pieces drop into the bowl. Some tomatoes may not be deep red. I prefer not to use those, but it's your call. Open up the tomato, remove any skins, seeds, or tough sections and add them to your discard bowl. Break the cleaned tomato into small pieces or strips and put them in the strainer. Keep in mind that these will not be blended, so if they look too coarse for your taste, run them through your fingers to make smaller pieces. Continue cleaning and crushing tomatoes until you have the amount called for in your recipe. Press gently on the tomatoes to strain as much liquid as possible. Discard the contents of the discard bowl and the bowl below the strainer. One 28-ounce can of tomatoes should yield 1 generous cup (250 grams) crushed tomatoes. The glaze can be stored in a covered container at room temperature for several months.
1 (6-ounce) piece cold sharp Cheddar Rounded 1/4 teaspoon cayenne	Using largest holes on a box grater, coarsely shred enough cheese to measure 2 1/2 cups. Toss together cheese and cayenne in a bowl, then make 4 mounds of cheese (1 tablespoon each) about 2 inches apart in a 12-inch nonstick skillet. Cook over low heat (cheese will melt and spread), undisturbed, until bubbling and firm enough to lift, 4 to 5 minutes (do not turn over). Quickly transfer with a metal spatula to a rolling pin, allowing chips to drape over pin, and cool completely. Pour off fat from skillet and wipe clean with paper towels. Make more chips in same manner.
1 pound sugar snap peas, stringed 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds 1 teaspoon oriental sesame oil	Steam sugar snap peas until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer to bowl. Toss with seeds and oil. Season with salt.
3 cups/355 g ice 3 cups/465 g chopped high-quality milk chocolate	1 Put the ice in a large bowl and set aside. 2 Reserve a handful of the chopped chocolate, and melt the rest gently in a stainless-steel bowl set over simmering water until it reaches 115°F/45°C on a candy thermometer. Remove the bowl from the heat. Wipe the bottom of the bowl with a dry cloth to prevent water from splashing onto the work surface. 3 Sprinkle the reserved chocolate into the melted chocolate and stir. Cool the chocolate by placing over the bowl of ice for a few seconds at a time, removing it, stirring until smooth, and repeating until the temperature drops to 82°F/31°C. 4 Heat the chocolate again by placing the chocolate bowl back over the simmering water for 30 seconds to 1 minute at a time. Once its temperature rises to 89°F/34°C, the chocolate is ready to use in candy bar production.
10 1/2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped Generous 2 cups (about 18 ounces) smooth peanut butter	Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and place a wire rack on the parchment. Set aside. Place the tempered chocolate in a warmed bowl. Following the directions for molding chocolate (see tips, below), carefully ladle the chocolate into the mold, taking care that the chocolate covers the entire mold. Turn the mold upside down over the bowl of tempered chocolate, allowing the excess chocolate to drip out, leaving just a thin coating on each indented cup. Tap the edge of the mold to release any air bubbles that might remain in the chocolate, to ensure a perfectly smooth coating. Wipe the edge of the mold clean on the edge of the bowl (you don't want to waste a drop of chocolate), then place the chocolate-coated mold, open side down, on the wire rack. A bit more chocolate will drip off. Let stand for about 4 minutes to allow the chocolate to begin to set. Just before the chocolate has fully set, use a paring knife or pastry scraper to clean the excess chocolate from the edge of the mold, returning it to the tempered chocolate, so that the finished eggs will have nice clean edges and to make it easier to unmold them. Transfer the mold, cavity side up, to the refrigerator. Let rest for 10 minutes to allow the chocolate to harden and retract from the sides of the mold. Line the baking sheet with a clean piece of parchment paper. Remove the mold from the refrigerator and invert it onto your hand. The egg shells should fall out. If not, rest your thumbs on the outside edge of the mold and place your first two fingers on the inside of the chocolate egg shape. Gently begin to lift the chocolate from the mold. Do not press or pull too hard or the chocolate will break. Carefully place the egg shapes on the prepared baking sheet until they are ready to be filled. To make the filling, place the chopped chocolate in the top half of a double boiler. Place over (not touching) gently simmering water in the bottom pan and heat, stirring frequently, until completely melted. Remove from the heat and set aside until just cool to the touch. Do not allow it to get too cold or it will begin to harden. While the chocolate is cooling, place the peanut butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle and beat on medium speed just until softened. Add the slightly warm chocolate and beat until combined. The mixture will be quite stiff, so make sure it is well blended. Using a teaspoon, fill each egg shape with the peanut butter mixture, smoothing the top with a spatula or knife. If you prefer a soft filling, let the eggs rest at room temperature for about 1 hour before serving. If a firmer texture if preferred, place the eggs in the refrigerator for about 15 minutes to allow the filling to harden, then serve. Store, in a single later, covered and refrigerated, for up to 3 days.
1 organic lemon, washed well 2 1/2 cups sugar	Use a vegetable peeler to remove the peel from the lemon in vertical strips. Try to remove only the yellow zest, avoiding as much of the white pith as possible. Save the lemon for another use. In a small saucepan, combine the peels with 2 cups cold water. Bring to a boil, then drain off the water. Again add 2 cups cold water, bring to a boil, and drain. Repeat the process a third time, then remove the peels from the pan and set aside. Measure 2 cups of the sugar into the pan and add 1 cup water, whisking until the sugar dissolves. Add the peels and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, uncovered, until the peels are tender and translucent, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain the peels and let cool. Measure the remaining 1/2 cup sugar into a medium bowl and add the peels. Toss to coat. Using a fork or your fingers, remove the peels one at time, gently shaking each to remove excess sugar. Store in an airtight container. The peels will keep for several weeks.
Two 2-inch-thick porterhouse steaks Olive oil 1 1/2 tablespoons Coriander-Herb Spice Rub	Place two 2-inch-thick porterhouse steaks on a heavy rimmed baking sheet. Brush both sides with a full-flavored olive oil, then rub 1 1/2 tablespoons of the Coriander-Herb Spice Rub into each side of each steak. Preheat the oven to 450°F. Roast steaks until a meat thermometer inserted into the center registers 125°F for rare, about 25 minutes. Transfer the steaks to a cutting board, cover loosely with foil, and let rest 10 minutes. To serve, cut the 2 whole pieces of meat (known as the loin and the fillet) from each steak, and slice. Give each guest a few slices of the loin and the fillet.
12 ounces dark chocolate chips or chopped dark chocolate (preferably 63% cacao) 1 cup mini marshmallows 3/4 cup crushed peppermint candies or candy canes (about 4 1/2 ounces), divided	Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment or wax paper. Heat chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl set over a medium pot of barely simmering water (bottom of bowl should not touch water), stirring occasionally, or in short bursts in the microwave, stirring in between bursts, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Fold marshmallows and 1/2 cup candies into chocolate until evenly combined. Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of chocolate mixture onto prepared baking sheets; sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup candies. Chill until set, about 30 minutes. Serve at room temperature.
1 cup sugar 1/2 cup boiling-hot water 1/4 cup Scotch	Cook sugar in a dry 2-quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring slowly with a fork until sugar is melted and pale golden. Cook caramel, without stirring, until deep golden, then remove pan from heat. Carefully add boiling water and Scotch (mixture will bubble up and vigorously steam), then cook over low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until caramel is melted and sauce is smooth. Serve warm.
1 pound haricots verts (French green beans; available at specialty produce markets)	In a kettle of boiling salted water cook beans 3 minutes, or until crisp-tender, and drain well. Season beans with salt and pepper.
8 cups water 1 pound boned smoked pork shoulder, cut into 1/2-inch pieces 3 pounds greens (such as collard, mustard, turnip or kale, or a combination), stemmed	Combine water and smoked pork in heavy large pot. Cover and simmer 1 hour. Season cooking liquid with salt and pepper. Bring liquid to boil. Add greens and cook over high heat until just tender, about 12 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer greens and pork to platter. Moisten greens with 1/4 cup cooking liquid.
1 1/4 pound collard greens, stems and center ribs discarded and leaves halved lengthwise 3 garlic cloves 1 tablespoon olive oil	Stack half of collard leaves and roll into a cigar shape. Cut crosswise into very thin strips (1/16 inch wide). Repeat with remainder. Mince and mash garlic to a paste with 3/4 teaspoon salt. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat until it shimmers, then cook garlic, stirring, 30 seconds. Add collards with 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, tossing, until just tender and bright green, 3 to 4 minutes.
Beaujolais wine Dash of Angostura bitters Garnish: twist of lemon peel	Fill a chilled cocktail glass almost to capacity with lightly chilled, young Beaujolais. Add a dash of Angostura bitters and stir to blend. Garnish the drink with a lemon-peel twist.
2 medium zucchini 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil 3/4 cup fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped coarse	Halve zucchini lengthwise and cut each half crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces. In a large non-stick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sauté zucchini with salt and pepper to taste, stirring, until golden and just tender. Stir in parsley. Serve zucchini warm or at room temperature.
2 1-pint baskets strawberries, hulled, diced 1 1/2-pint basket fresh raspberries or 1 1/2 cups frozen unsweetened, thawed 3/4 cup sugar	Combine all ingredients in heavy large skillet. Stir over low heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil until preserves are very thick, stirring frequently, about 10 minutes. Spoon into small bowl. Cover and refrigerate. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Keep refrigerated.)
2/3 cup sugar 1/2 cup water 3 cups 1-inch pieces peeled seeded cantaloupe (about 1/2 cantaloupe)	Combine sugar and water in medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Bring to boil. Transfer to 11x7x2-inch glass dish and chill until cold, about 2 hours. Puree cantaloupe in blender until smooth. Add to sugar syrup in dish and stir until well blended. Freeze until almost firm, stirring occasionally, at least 3 hours or overnight. Transfer cantaloupe mixture to large bowl. Using electric mixer, beat until fluffy. Return to freezer and freeze until firm (do not stir), at least 3 hours or overnight. (Sorbet can be prepared 3 days ahead.) Cover and keep frozen.
1 cup sugar 4 cups frozen raspberries 1 tablespoon lemon juice	1. In a small saucepan over moderate heat, combine the sugar with 1 cup water and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally, to dissolve the sugar. Remove the syrup from the heat and let cool completely. 2. In a blender or food processor, combine the berries with 1/2 cup water and blend until smooth (add a bit more water, 1 to 2 tablespoons at a time, as needed to keep the mixture smooth). Combine the fruit purée, cooled syrup, and lemon juice and stir to combine. 3. Transfer the mixture to an ice cream machine and freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions. Pack the sorbet into containers, cover, and freeze for 3 to 4 hours before serving.
4 russet (baking) potatoes (about 2 pounds) about 4 cups canola oil for deep-frying	Peel potatoes and put in a bowl of cold water to cover. Pat 1 potato dry. Using a mandoline or other manual slices cut potato into paper-thin slices (about 1/16 inch thick) and let potato slices stand 5 minutes in another bowl of cold water to cover. Drain potato slices and spread without overlapping on a triple layer of paper towels. Blot slices completely dry with another triple layer of paper towels. In a 3-quart saucepan heat oil until a deep-fat thermometer registers 380°F. Working in batches of 8 to 10 slices, fry potatoes, turning once or twice, until golden, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes, making sure oil returns to 380°F before adding next batch. Transfer chips as fried with a large slotted spoon to paper towels to drain and sprinkle with salt. Continue to pat dry, cut, dry, and fry remaining potatoes in same manner. Potato chips may be made 2 days ahead and kept in an airtight container.
6 cups 1-inch cubes seeded watermelon (about 1/4 large melon) 4 tablespoons (about) sugar Fresh mint leaves	Puree watermelon in processor (there should be about 4 cups). Mix in sugar by tablespoonfuls to sweeten to taste. Pour into 2 to 3 ice cube trays. Rinse mint leaves and place 1 leaf atop puree in each cube. Cover and freeze until cubes are solid, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days.
1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) unsalted butter, softened 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives	In a small bowl cream together the butter, the horseradish, the chives, and salt and pepper to taste. Let the butter stand, covered, in a cool place for 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Serve the butter with grilled meat.
4 cups cooked rice 4 teaspoons yakari shiso salt	Gently mix together the rice and yukari shiso salt in a bowl. Form into onigiri . Preheat a grill to medium. Grill the onigiri for about 8 minutes, turning twice. Grill the edges of the onigiri triangle, too, about 20 seconds per edge. The onigiri will have a crispy, caramelized crust when they're done. Serve immediately.
1 pineapple 750-milliliter bottle vodka 2 mint sprigs	Peel and slice 1 pineapple. Combine in a large jar with one 750-milliliter bottle vodka and 2 mint sprigs. Let sit for at least 8 hours and up to 3 days (the flavor will grow stronger the longer it sits). Strain. Muddle strained-out pineapple and mint for drinks if desired.
2 green pears 2 cored red apples	1. Slice 2 green pears into 1/2" wedges and lay skin side down in a 12-cup Bundt or tube pan. Line side of pan with overlapping apple rings from 2 cored red apples. Add water to cover pears by about 1/2" (about 2 cups) and cover about 1/2" up sides of apples. Freeze until set, about 2 hours. 2. Fill mold with cold water to completely submerge fruit. Return to freezer and freeze until solid, 4 hours or overnight. 3. To serve, dip the bottom of the mold into a bowl of hot water to loosen. Invert a plate over mold; turn out ice ring and transfer to your punch bowl. Cheers!
1 3/4 pounds kiwis (about 8), peeled 3/4 cup sugar 1/2 cup frozen limeade concentrate	Puree all ingredients in processor. Process in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to container, cover, and freeze until solid, at least 3 hours. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes before serving.)
1/2 cup sugar 1/2 cup blanched whole almonds	Grease a small baking pan. In a small heavy saucepan heat sugar over moderate heat, stirring, until melted. Cook melted sugar, swirling pan occassionally, until deep golden. Immediately stir in almonds and pour praline into prepared baking pan. Cool praline until hardened completely and break into large pieces. Praline may be made 1 day ahead and kept in an airtight container. In a food processor grind praline to fine powder. Praline powder may be made 2 days ahead and chilled in an airtight container.
6 ounces Callebaut or Baker's Premium white chocolate, chopped very fine by hand (about 1 1/8 cups) 1/4 cup light corn syrup	Put chocolate in a dry wide metal bowl that fits snugly over a 3- to 4-quart saucepan. Fill saucepan halfway with 120°F. water and immediately set bowl over water. Let chocolate stand undisturbed 15 minutes, or until melted. Stir chocolate just until smooth and remove bowl from pan. Add corn syrup to chocolate and stir with a rubber spatula until mixture thickens and forms a dough. Halve dough and wrap each half in plastic wrap. Let white chocolate leather stand at room temperature until it firms to consistency of clay, about 1 hour and up to overnight, depending on temperature of kitchen. If your kitchen is very warm, leave leather in a cooler place but do not refrigerate. If leather becomes too firm to roll out, try to knead leather in your hands until malleable. If leather is still too firm, microwave at 50% power to 2 to 5 seconds, or until just soft enough to roll out.
9–10 heads of garlic (about 3 cups cloves) 9–10 sprigs of thyme or another woody herb like rosemary 3 cups olive oil	Peel garlic cloves and place in a medium heavy saucepan. Stir in thyme and oil. Cover and cook over very low heat (you want the garlic to gently poach, not deep fry!), about 30 minutes. Small bubbles will rise from the garlic, but don't let the oil simmer. The oil temperature should not go above 200°F. To test for doneness, spear a clove with a fork. If it's very soft, turn off heat; if not, poach 10–15 minutes more. Remove pan from heat, keep covered, and let cool to room temperature. Using a clean spoon, divide garlic and herbs among resealable glass jars. Fill jars with cooking oil, seal, and chill.
1/2 cup unsweetened apple butter 1/4 cup chopped golden raisins 1/4 cup chopped walnuts	In a bowl stir together filling ingredients until combined well.
3/4 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, rinsed and spun dry, plus fresh mint sprigs for garnish 1/4 cup bourbon A 750-ml. bottle champagne, chilled	In a small bowl combine the mint leaves and the bourbon, crushing the mint slightly to extract the flavor, and chill the mixture, covered, for at least 6 hours or overnight. (The flavor improves the longer the mixture is chilled.) Strain the bourbon mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the mint leaves, and discard the leaves. Spoon 2 teaspoons of the bourbon into each of 6 champagne flutes, divide the champagne among the flutes, and garnish the drinks with the mint sprigs.
1 recipe Peanut Butter Ice cream 1 recipe Peanut Butter Cookies 3/4 cup jelly or jam, at room temperature	Prepare the peanut butter ice cream and let harden in the freezer for about 6 hours. Prepare the dough for peanut butter cookies and divide the dough into 16 walnut-size balls. Proceed with the recipe from there, baking the cookies 10 to 12 minutes at 350 degrees. Let cool completely. To assemble the ice cream sandwiches remove the ice cream from the freezer and let it stand at room temperature for about 5 minutes to soften slightly. Spread a layer of jam on the flat side of each peanut butter cookie. Place a scoop of peanut butter ice cream in the center of half the cookies, on top of the jam. Top with the remaining cookies, jam side down. Gently squeeze the cookies together until the ice cream and jam come to the edges of the cookies. Put the ice cream sandwiches back in the freezer for at least 15 minutes to harden the jam. These can be made 2 days ahead. Place them in a large plastic storage bag or airtight container and store in freezer.
bittersweet chocolate truffle base 1 tablespoon plus 1/4 teaspoon aged balsamic vinegar Chopped toasted salted hazelnuts	Follow recipe for bittersweet chocolate truffle base , stirring aged balsamic vinegar into lukewarm cream. Mix in melted chocolate. Chill truffle base and form truffles. Drop each freshly coated truffle (or just–formed, uncoated truffle) into bowl of hazelnuts; turn to coat.
2 medium carrots, scrubbed, very thinly sliced on a mandoline 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more	Bring carrots, 2 Tbsp. sugar, and 1/4 cup water to a simmer in a medium skillet over medium-low heat, stirring to separate carrots. Cook until carrots are soft, about 5 minutes. Increase heat to medium and cook, stirring, until liquid is reduced to a thick syrup (if syrup starts to color, reduce heat). Add several generous pinches of sugar, tossing constantly, then cook, tossing, until carrots are coated. Spread out on a parchment-lined baking sheet and let cool. Separate carrots with your fingers and toss each piece in more sugar to coat.
4 garlic cloves, as large as possible, peeled 1 cup olive oil	Using a small slicer or a mandoline, slice the garlic very thin. Heat the olive oil in a 10-inch cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat until very hot. Line a plate with two paper towels. To test the temperature of the oil, add a slice of garlic. If it sizzles, add the rest of the garlic and cook until just crisp and light golden brown, a matter of seconds. Use a flat slotted skimmer to keep the slices from sticking together as they cook, and transfer them to the paper towels to drain the moment they turn color. (The oil can be strained and used for another batch or reserved for another use.)
1/2 cup orange juice 3 or 4 ice cubes 4 ounces chilled champagne	Pour the orange juice into a 10-ounce highball glass, add ice cubes, and fill with champagne.
2 tablespoons vegetable oil 1/3 cup popcorn kernels	Heat oil with 3 popcorn kernels in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, covered, until 1 or 2 kernels pop. Quickly add remaining popcorn, then cook, covered, shaking pan frequently, until kernels stop popping, about 3 minutes.
1 cup well-chilled heavy cream 5 cups freshly brewed strong coffee Sugar to taste	In a chilled bowl beat the cream until it holds soft peaks. Divide the coffee among six 8-ounce stemmed heatproof goblets, filling them to within 1 inch of the rim, add the sugar, and stir the coffee until the sugar is dissolved completely. Top each serving with the whipped cream.
1/2 cup sugar 2 pounds very ripe Fuyu or Hachiya persimmons 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice	Bring 1 cup water and sugar to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Boil 3 minutes, then cool. Core, quarter, and, if necessary, seed persimmons. Scrape pulp from skins into a blender. Purée with lemon juice until very smooth. Add sugar syrup and blend. Chill until very cold, at least 2 hours. Freeze mixture in an ice-cream maker. (Alternatively, transfer to a shallow metal baking pan and freeze, stirring every 30 minutes, until slushy, about 2 hours.) Transfer to an airtight container and freeze. (Sorbet's consistency will remain soft.)
2 slices Cheddar, American, or Swiss cheese 2 slices white bread 2 tablespoons butter	Put the cheese between the slices of bread. Heat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a skillet or grill and when melted add the sandwich. Gently press down with a spatula once or twice during the grilling. When one side is golden, add the remaining tablespoon of butter, turn the sandwich over, and brown.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1/3 cup granulated sugar 1/2 teaspoon potato starch Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder	Grind sugar and potato starch together in grinder until powdery.
12 strips of bacon, halved lengthwise 24 chunks fresh pineapple 24 round toothpicks	Preheat broiler. Place piece of pineapple in center of each bacon strip, wrap, and secure with toothpick. Place rumaki on broiler pan or shallow baking pan and broil, about 5 or 6 inches from heat, until bacon is crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Alternatively, bake in 375°F oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot.
1 stick (1/2 cup) salted or unsalted butter, softened 1/3 cup orange marmalade	Pulse butter and marmalade in a food processor until combined well. Transfer to a small crock or serving bowl.
2 pounds Yukon Gold or russet potatoes (unpeeled) 1/2 cup whole milk 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter	Place potatoes in large saucepan; cover with cold water. Bring to boil, reduce heat to medium, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain well; cool slightly. Peel and mash potatoes; place in large saucepan. Over medium heat, dry out potatoes for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, heat milk in small saucepan until warm. Stir butter into potatoes. Add warm milk and stir until completely absorbed. Season with salt.
1 half lime 2 ounces vodka 4 to 6 ounces ginger beer, preferably homemade or Cock'n Bull or D&G; Old Jamaica brands	Squeeze lime into Collins glass (or copper mug) and drop in half lime. Add 2 or 3 large ice cubes, then pour in the vodka and fill with cold ginger beer. Serve with a stirring rod.
1 cup extra-virgin olive oil 7 ounces slivered blanched almonds	Heat the olive oil with the almonds in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring every couple of minutes or so, until the almonds are evenly light brown in color and the oil is highly fragrant. Cool the oil to room temperature. Store it tightly covered in the refrigerator; the oil will congeal, so take it out about 20 minutes before you need it. It will keep for a couple of weeks in the fridge and can also be frozen for months, until the next sale!
1 ounce vodka 1 ounce peach schnapps 4 ounces orange juice	Pour all of the ingredients into a highball glass almost filled with ice cubes. Stir well.
3 tablespoons roasted almond butter 2 slices banana or cranberry bread 1 1/2 finger bananas (or 1/2 regular banana), peeled and sliced lengthwise	Spread a thick layer of the almond butter over each bread slice. Top with the banana slices and serve open-faced.
2 McIntosh apples (about 3/4 pound total) 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar 1/4 pound sliced bacon, cooked until crisp and chopped	Preheat broiler and lightly grease a broiler pan or 15 1/2- by 10 1/2-inch jelly-roll pan. Cut apples crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices. Cut out core from the middle of each slice and stack slices to reform whole apples. Arrange slices from 1 apple in one layer in pan, keeping slices in order, and sprinkle with half of brown sugar. Broil apple slices 4 to 6 inches from heat 2 minutes, or until barely tender and sugar is caramelized. Transfer broiled apples in one layer to a tray. In cleaned lightly greased pan broil remaining apple slices with remaining brown sugar in same manner. Preheat oven to 350°F. and grease a small shallow baking pan. Arrange bottom slice of each apple in baking pan and sprinkle with some bacon. Stack remaining apple slices in order on top, sprinkling layers with bacon and ending with top slices of apples, to form 2 whole apples. Apples may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled in baking pan, covered. Bring apples to room temperature before proceeding. Reheat apple, uncovered, in oven until hot, about 15 minutes.
1 (14-oz) package thawed (but cold) unsweetened passion-fruit (maracuyá) purée such as Goya brand* (about 1 1/2 cups) 1 cup sugar, or to taste 2 1/2 cups chilled heavy cream	Whisk purée with 2/3 cup sugar in a bowl until sugar is dissolved. Beat cream with remaining 1/3 cup sugar in another bowl with an electric mixer until it just holds stiff peaks. Fold sweetened purée into cream.
1 1/4 cups slivered almonds 3 1/2 oz good-quality dark or milk chocolate, chopped 1 1/2 oz candied orange peel, diced	Preheat the oven to 325°F. Place the slivered almonds on a baking sheet and toast in the oven for about 6 minutes, until golden. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. Temper the chocolate . Add the almonds and diced orange peel and mix well. Using a spoon, make small mounds of the mixture on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for 15 minutes to set before detaching the rochers from the paper. (Store for up to 1 month in an airtight container away from moisture.)
10 sprigs dried hardy herbs (such as oregano, rosemary, sage, or thyme) 2 cups kosher salt	Remove thick stems from 10 sprigs dried hardy herbs (such as oregano, rosemary, sage, or thyme), then run a knife through sprigs to break up into smaller pieces. Place in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Add 2 cups kosher salt and pulse again to blend. Transfer to an airtight container (no need to sift) and cover. Do ahead: Herb salt can be made 6 months ahead. Store at room temperature.
About 4 cups vegetable oil 2 pounds green plantains Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer; an adjustable-blade slicer or Y-shaped vegetable peeler	Heat 1 inch oil to 375°F in a 4- to 5-quarts heavy pot over medium-high heat. Meanwhile, cut ends from (unpeeled) plantains, then halve plantains crosswise. Cut a lengthwise slit through peel and discard peel. Cut plantains lengthwise into very thin slices (less than 1/16 inch thick) with slicer. Fry plantains in batches of 10 to 12 slices, turning frequently, until golden, about 1 minute per batch. Drain on paper towels, immediately seasoning each batch with salt. Return oil to 375°F between batches.
3 cups jasmine rice 3 1/2 cups water	Rinse rice in a medium bowl in 3 or 4 changes of cold water, draining in a sieve each time, until water is completely clear. Drain in sieve 5 minutes. Bring rice and water to a boil in a heavy medium pot. Reduce heat to as low as possible and cook, tightly covered, until rice is tender and water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork.
six 6-inch pita loaves about 1/4 cup olive oil 1 1/2 cups finely shredded Parmesan (about 6 ounces)	Preheat oven to 375°F. Split each pita loaf horizontally into 2 rounds and brush rough sides with oil. Cut each round into 16 wedges and arrange with edges touching, oiled sides up, on 2 baking sheets. Sprinkle pita with Parmesan and salt and pepper to taste and bake on middle and lower racks of oven, switching position of sheets in oven halfway through baking, 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden. Crisps may be made 3 days ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature.
2 pounds baby new potatoes 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives	Using vegetable peeler, remove strip of peel in thin band around center of each potato. Place potatoes in large saucepan; cover with cold water. Sprinkle generously with salt and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook just until potatoes are tender, about 12 minutes. Drain well. Return potatoes to saucepan. Add butter to pan; stir over medium heat until butter melts and coats potatoes. Sprinkle with chives, salt, and pepper. Transfer potatoes to bowl and serve.
4 ounces (115 g) semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped 1 cup (150 g) roasted, unsalted peanuts	Put the pieces of chocolate in an absolutely dry heatproof bowl. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water to melt the chocolate, stirring until smooth. In the meantime, stretch a piece of plastic wrap over a dinner plate. Once the chocolate is melted, remove it from the heat and stir in the peanuts, coating them with the chocolate. Spread the mixture on the plastic-lined plate and chill.
2 cups pecan halves 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted 1 1/4 teaspoons fine sea salt	Preheat oven to 325°F. Toss pecans and melted butter in medium bowl to coat. Add sea salt and toss. Spread pecans in single layer on rimmed baking sheet. Bake until fragrant and slightly darkened in color, about 15 minutes. Cool pecans on baking sheet.
N/A N/A	In a large saucepan cover dried beans with triple their volume of cold water. Bring water to a boil and cook beans, uncovered, over moderate heat 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and soak beans 1 hour.
2 cups sugar a 4-inch cinnamon stick 3 1/2 pounds firm papayas (about 3 small), peeled, seeded, and cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick strips	In a heavy 3-quart saucepan spread 2/3 cup of the sugar, add the cinnamon stick, and top the sugar with half the papaya strips. Sprinkle 2/3 cup of the remaining sugar on top, add the remaining papaya strips, and top the strips with the remaining 2/3 cup sugar. Cook the mixture, covered, over moderately low heat, shaking the pan occasionally (do not stir), for 35 to 45 minutes, or until the sugar is dissolved completely. Simmer the papaya strips, uncovered, for 10 minutes, or until they begin to appear translucent. Let the mixture cool and chill it, covered, overnight. The papaya in cinnamon syrup keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 month.
1/2 cup roasted barley or 1 cup roasted corn 4 quart water	Rinse and drain barley or corn. Bring water with barley or corn to a boil and simmer 30 minutes. Strain through a sieve into cups and serve hot or at room temperature.
2 ounces whiskey 8 ounces chilled beer	Serve the whiskey straight and follow with a beer chaser, or combine the ingredients in a 10-ounce highball glass, pouring the whiskey into the beer without stirring. Scotch whiskey may be used for this drink instead of blended whiskey.
4 ounces dark- or Vienna-roast coffee beans 6 tablespoons sugar	In a coffee grinder, grind the coffee beans until they are as fine as flour. In a copper Turkish coffee pot or small heavy saucepan combine 4 tablespoons of the ground coffee, the sugar, and 2 cups water and bring to a boil over high heat. Remove the pot from the heat, stir the coffee well, and return the pot to the heat. Let the coffee come to a boil again and remove the pot from the heat, letting the grounds settle. Repeat the boiling up and settling process 2 more times. Cover the pot, let the coffee stand for 2 minutes, and add 1/3 cup cold water, letting the coffee settle for 1 minute more. Pour the coffee into demitasse cups.
3 medium sweet potatoes (about 1 pound total) 2 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves	Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut potatoes lengthwise into 3/4-inch-thick slices. In a large shallow baking pan heat butter in oven 2 minutes, or until melted. Add potatoes, tossing to coat, and sprinkle with rosemary and salt and pepper to taste. Roast potatoes in middle of oven, gently tossing with a metal spatula halfway through roasting time, 20 minutes total, or until tender.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
Cognac Tonic water Lemon, thinly sliced	Mix two to three parts tonic water with one part Cognac. Serve over ice in a snifter with a slice of lemon.
1 cup fresh mint leaves 1/4 cup grade A or B maple syrup	1. Bring 1 cup of water to a boil. Remove from the heat. 2. Add the mint and the maple syrup and let the mint steep for 15 minutes, until cool. 3. Strain and pour the syrup over the fruit or store for up to 1 month in the refrigerator.
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon fine white pepper	Combine all the ingredients and mix well.
4 pounds blood oranges or other oranges 1 1/4 cups water 3/4 cup sugar	Finely grate enough peel from oranges to measure 1 1/2 tablespoons. Combine 1 1/4 cups water, sugar, and 1 1/2 tablespoons orange peel in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over high heat until sugar dissolves and syrup boils; remove syrup from heat. Cut all peel and pith from oranges. Working over bowl to catch juices, cut between membranes to release orange segments. Discard any seeds. Transfer orange mixture to processor; puree until smooth, about 30 seconds. Measure 2 1/3 cups orange puree and mix into orange syrup (reserve any remaining puree for another use). Cover orange mixture; refrigerate at least 6 hours and up to 1 day to blend flavors. Process orange mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to container; cover and freeze. (Can be made 2 days ahead.)
2 ounces tequila 1 ounce Kahlua	Pour the tequila and Kahlua into an Old-fashioned glass almost filled with ice cubes. Stir well.
2 quarts fresh sour cherries, pitted 2 cups sugar Juice of 1/2 lemon	In a medium saucepan set over medium heat, combine the cherries, sugar, and lemon juice and bring to a boil. Simmer for 30 minutes. Strain the syrup through a fine-mesh strainer and discard the fruit solids. Store the syrup in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 7 days.
5 pitted Medjool dates 1 cup gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste) 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil	Place 5 pitted Medjool dates in a small bowl; cover with boiling water and let sit until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain; transfer dates to a food processor. Add 1 cup gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste) and 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil. Purée until smooth.
2 ounces (1/4 cup) gin 1/2 ounce (1 tablespoon) Rose's lime juice, or to taste 1 lime slice	In a cocktail glass filled with the ice combine the gin and the lime juice, stir the drink well, and garnish it with the lime.
1 1/2 cups halved pitted cherries 2 tablespoons sugar 1 tablespoon bourbon	Cook 1 1/2 cups halved pitted cherries, 2 tablespoons sugar, and 1 tablespoon water in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until syrupy, 8-10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in 1 tablespoon bourbon; let cool. Process custard and fold in cherry mixture just before transferring to freezer.
3 cups 1/4-inch cubes day-old bread 1/4 cup olive oil 2/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan	Preheat oven to 350° F In a shallow baking pan toss bread with oil. Toss bread with Parmesan and bake in middle of oven, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes, or until golden. Croutons keep in an airtight container at room temperature 1 week.
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice 1 1/2 cups sugar	Combine the lemon juice and sugar in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring, for 10 to 15 minutes, until transparent. Test to see if the syrup forms a "string" when dropped from a spoon. When it does, take it off the heat and spoon it over the slightly cooled pecan harvest loaf.
1 pound plus 2 ounces imported white chocolate (such as Lindt or Callebaut), finely chopped 1 1/2 cups super chunky peanut butter (do not use old-fashioned or freshly ground) 8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped	Butter 15x10-inch jelly roll pan. Line with waxed paper or parchment. Melt 1 pound white chocolate with peanut butter in large bowl set over saucepan of simmering water, stirring occasionally until chocolate is melted and smooth. Meanwhile, melt bittersweet chocolate in medium bowl set over saucepan of simmering water, stirring occasionally. Melt remaining 2 ounces white chocolate in small bowl set over saucepan of simmering water, stirring constantly. Remove all bowls from over water. Pour peanut butter mixture onto prepared pan, spreading to cover surface completely. Using spoon, drizzle melted bittersweet chocolate in lines over peanut butter mixture. Draw tip of small sharp knife through chocolate-drizzled mixture to marbleize. Using spoon, drizzle melted white chocolate over. Draw tip of knife through chocolates to marbleize. Chill until firm, at least 2 hours or over-night. Cut into 2-inch triangles or other shapes. Cover and chill. (Can be made 2 weeks ahead. Keep chilled.) Serve cold.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 tablespoons sugar or evaporated cane juice 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper	Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl and stir well. Store in a covered container in the spice cabinet.
2 lb very ripe Hachiya persimmons	Discard dried green or brown calyx from persimmons, then force persimmons 1 at a time through a medium-mesh sieve into a bowl using a rubber spatula, pressing hard on solids. (Discard solids.)
1 lemon 9 ounces Scotch whisky 2 cups boiling water	Remove the peel from the lemon, slicing it as thinly as possible so that practically none of the white is included. Slice the lemon thinly. Put the Scotch in a warmed pitcher, add the lemon peel and boiling water. Stir gently. Serve in Old-fashioned glasses garnished with a slice of lemon.
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 4 bay leaves 2 pounds small red-skinned potatoes	Preheat oven to 450°F. Combine oil and bay leaves in small skillet. Cook over medium heat just until warm. Remove from heat. Let stand 15 minutes so that bay leaves flavor oil. Toss potatoes with bay leaf oil in large roasting pan. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until potatoes are brown and tender, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Discard bay leaves. Transfer potatoes to bowl and serve.
2 ounces orange-flavored vodka, chilled 6 ounces Sweet Tea , chilled 1/2 orange wheel (optional)	Add the vodka and tea to a tall glass filled with ice; stir well. Garnish, if desired.
4 ripe mangoes (about 3 1/2 pounds total) 1 cup Simple Syrup 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste	Line a baking sheet with plastic wrap. Wash and dry mangoes. Using a sharp knife, remove the 2 flat sides of each mango, cutting lengthwise alongside pit and cutting as close to pit as possible so that mango flesh is in 2 large pieces. With a spoon carefully scoop flesh from mango sides into a blender, leaving shells intact. With a knife cut remaining flesh from pit and add to blender. Add syrup and lime juice to blender and purée until smooth. Put mango shells on baking sheet and freeze while making sorbet. Freeze mango purée in an ice-cream maker. Scoop sorbet into frozen shells, mounding slightly, and smooth surfaces. Freeze filled mango shells at least 6 hours, or until frozen hard. Frozen sorbets in shells may be wrapped individually in plastic wrap and kept in freezer 1 week.
1 1 1/2-pound skirt steak (about 1/2" thick), cut it in half crosswise Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper Chimichurri Marinade	Sprinkle skirt steak lightly with kosher salt and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Pat dry with paper towels and season again with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
3 whole gutted salmon, each about 2 1/2 pounds and 4 inches thick, head on or off	Build a fire in a smoker/grill for indirect heat. Maintain a temperature of about 300°F. Put each fish in an aluminum foil roasting pan, bending the short ends if necessary to lay the fish flat. Place the fish "boats" in the cooker on the side opposite the coals. Smoke the fish for about 35 minutes. (Smaller fish will take 8 to 10 minutes per inch of thickness.) The salmon is done when it is almost opaque throughout but still pink in the center. (If substituting white fish, cook until opaque throughout.) Remove the salmon from the smoker. Transfer to a cutting board and fillet or cut into steaks, or place on a large platter and carve at the table.
4 cups fresh strawberries (about 1 pound), hulled, halved* 3/4 cup super fine sugar Peel (with white pith) of 1/2 lemon	Combine all ingredients in a heavy, wide pot. Cover; let sit at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 2 hours. (The berries will ooze and sugar will dissolve.) Bring strawberry mixture to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring gently, until strawberries are just tender, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer strawberries to 1 pint jar. Continue simmering liquid until it thickens into a syrupy consistency, 1-2 minutes. Discard lemon peel and pour syrup over strawberries; seal and let cool to room temperature. Chill for up to 1 month.
4 large egg yolks 1/4 cup sugar 1/2 cup Marsala wine	1. In a heat-safe bowl set over barely simmering water, combine the egg yolks, sugar, and Marsala. Whisk constantly until the mixture is thick and glossy, 5 to 7 minutes. 2. Serve at once as a warm custard with cookies or fruit.
1 box lentil pilaf (such as Near East) 1 cup presliced carrots 4 oz turkey sausages	Make lentil pilaf per package directions. Mix in carrots after pilaf has simmered 20 minutes. Prick sausages with a knife and cook in a skillet over medium heat, turning once, about 8 minutes. Slice into 2-inch pieces and stir into pilaf. Fluff and serve.
1 recipe Pretzel Crunch 25 g butter, melted 2 tablespoons 1 recipe Pretzel Ice Cream	1. Using your hands (or a food processor if you prefer), crumble the pretzel crunch clusters to half their size. (The smaller size will make for better distribution of the moisture and fat, creating a nice crunchy crust.) 2. Toss the melted butter into the crumbled pretzel crunch, mixing well. Using your fingers and the palms of your hands, press the mixture firmly into a 10-inch pie tin, making sure the bottom and sides of the pie tin are evenly covered. Wrapped in plastic, the crust can be frozen for up to 2 weeks. 3. Use a spatula to spread the ice cream into the pie shell. Freeze the pie for at least 3 hours, or until the ice cream is frozen hard enough so the pie is easy to cut and serve. Wrapped in plastic wrap, the pie will keep for 2 weeks in the freezer.
2 large russet potatoes 1 teaspoon oil 1/2 teaspoon salt	Wash and peel the potatoes, then grate them on the large holes of a box grater. Place the shredded potatoes in the center a thin, clean, dish towel. Gather the towel around the potatoes and squeeze as much water out of them as you can. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the potatoes and spread out into a thin layer. Sprinkle with salt, and cook for about 4 minutes, until the bottom turns golden brown. Flip the potatoes and cook an additional 2-4 minutes on the other side, until golden brown.
2 cups Indian parboiled rice, Uncle Ben's Converted Rice, or long-grain white rice	Bring 3 to 4 quarts water to a boil in a pasta pot. Boil Indian parboiled rice, uncovered, until tender, about 45 minutes (converted or long-grain rice will take about 18 minutes). Drain well in a sieve and serve hot.
1 1/2 pounds medium zucchini 1 small bunch fresh dill 1/2 pound snow crabmeat	Wash zucchini thoroughly. Trim ends and cut zucchini into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Place in a large saucepan. Wash dill and chop finely to yield 1/4 cup, reserving remaining sprigs. Add to pot with half the crabmeat and any accumulated juices. Add 1 1/4 cups water and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Water will not completely cover zucchini. Bring to a rapid boil. Lower heat to medium and cover pan. Cook for 20 minutes, or until zucchini is very soft. Let cool for 5 minutes. Transfer contents to a blender. Process for several minutes until very smooth. Mixture should thicken and become foamy. Add salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste and refrigerate, covered, for several hours or until very cold. Serve soup in chilled soup bowls with a mound of remaining crabmeat in center of each serving. Garnish with reserved fresh dill sprigs.
6 cups water 1 1/2 cups polenta (coarse cornmeal)* 1 teaspoon salt	Whisk 1 1/2 cups water, polenta, and salt in heavy large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until mixture comes to simmer. Gradually whisk in remaining 4 1/2 cups water. Bring to boil, whisking polenta often. Reduce heat to low; cover and cook until polenta is thick, soft, and creamy, stirring often, about 30 minutes. Available at Italian markets, natural foods stores, and some supermarkets. If polenta is unavailable, substitute 1 1/2 cups regular yellow cornmeal and cook mixture for about 15 minutes.
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice plus 1 lemon, halved 6 large artichokes, with stems intact	Combine 1 quart cold water and lemon juice in a large bowl. Working with 1 artichoke at a time, bend back outer leaves until they snap off close to base and discard several more layers of leaves in same manner until exposed leaves are pale green at top and pale yellow at base. Cut off leaves flush with top of base and cut a thin slice from end of stem to expose a fresh cross section. Trim dark green fibrous parts from base and stem of artichoke, being careful not to break off stem. Rub artichoke all over with lemon halves. Quarter lengthwise and remove fuzzy center and any purple leaves. Put in bowl of lemon water. Have ready a bowl of ice and cold water. Drain artichokes and cook in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to ice water to cool. Drain well.
1 cup raspberries 1 large pink grapefruit, peeled	Juice the raspberries, then the grapefruit.
1/2 cup chilled whole milk Chilled seltzer 1/4 cup chocolate syrup	Special equipment: a long-handled spoon; a seltzer siphon (optional) Pour milk into a 16-ounce glass and place spoon in glass. Pour seltzer (or squirt if using siphon) into glass to reach 1/2 inch below rim. (A snow-white foam will develop.) Pour syrup into center of white foam, then stir in syrup and remove spoon through center of foam.
3 cups (21 ounces/595 grams) lightly packed pitted Medjool or Deglet Noor dates 3 cups (24 ounces/690 grams) boiling water	Place the dates in a large bowl. Pour the water over the dates. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and let soak—tender Medjool dates only need about 10 to 15 minutes to soak, while drier Deglet Noor dates can use a soak of about 1 hour. Drain the dates, reserving the soaking water. Place the dates in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process until the paste is very smooth, with few discernible bits of date skin in the mix. You're looking for a texture and thickness sort of like an airy peanut butter or apple butter—the paste should be very smooth, move freely in the processor, and not cling to the sides of the bowl. If it appears a little chunky or sticky, add a bit of the soaking water, just a teaspoon at a time to avoid making it too runny. Ultimately, the paste should be a medium caramel color, spoonable, and hold its shape when you scoop some out. Use the paste immediately, or store it in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 10 days.
8 cups steaming-hot low-fat milk 4 cups hot very strong brewed coffee (preferably French roast or espresso)	Blend milk in a blender in 2 batches until frothy (use caution when blending hot liquids). Divide coffee among 8 large cups and top off with hot milk.
1/4 of a good loaf of rustic white bread (fresh or day-old) 3 tablespoons olive oil kosher salt	Don't worry about making the crumbs uniform; there's more textural goodness to be had when the crumb size varies. Tear about 1/4 of a good loaf of rustic white bread (fresh or day-old) until you've got 2 cups 1" crustless breadcrumbs. Pulse in a food processor until crumbs are coarse. Toast crumbs in about 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat, tossing frequently, until crunchy and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Season with kosher salt and let cool on a paper towel-lined plate. DO AHEAD: Breadcrumbs can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
2 large red or pink grapefruits 1 cup sugar, plus more for tossing	Cut peel from grapefruits into 3/8" strips leaving 1/4" white pith attached. Place in a small saucepan; add cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, then drain; repeat twice. Bring peel, 1 cup sugar, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in same saucepan; reduce heat and simmer until peel is translucent, 15–20 minutes. Drain; transfer peel to a wire rack and let dry, 2–4 hours. Toss in more sugar.
1 1/4 cups sugar 1/3 cup firmly packed fresh mint 3 cups fresh lime juice (about 18 limes)	In a small saucepan combine the sugar and 1 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and remove the pan from the heat. Let the syrup cool. In a blender purée the mint with the syrup, stir in the lime juice, and in a bowl chill the mixture, covered, for 1 hour, or until it is cold. Freeze the mixture in an ice-cream freezer according to the manufacturer's instructions.
2 cups heavy whipping cream 2-3 tablespoons powdered sugar	Place the whipping cream in the bowl of a standing mixer, turn the beater on to medium and beat for about 2-3 minutes. Add the powdered sugar and continue to beat for another 2-3 minutes, until light and fluffy.
1 frozen puff pastry sheet (1/2 17 1/4-ounce package), thawed 2 tablespoons sugar 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg	Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll pastry out on lightly floured surface to 11x14-inch rectangle. Using 3- to 4-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut out hearts. Transfer to cookie sheet. Combine sugar and nutmeg in bowl. Sprinkle over hearts. Bake until cookies are puffed and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight.)
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour 2 3/4 sticks (1 cup plus 6 tablespoons) cold unsalted butter 1 teaspoon salt	In a bowl combine 2 cups of the flour, 4 tablespoons of the butter, cut into bits, and the salt and blend the mixture until it resembles meal. Stir in 1/3 cup ice water and, if necessary, continue to add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the mixture forms a soft dough. Gather the dough into a ball, form it into a 5-inch square, and dust it lightly with flour. Chill the dough, wrapped in wax paper, for 30 minutes, or until it is firm but not hard. In a bowl combine the remaining 2 1/4 sticks butter, cut into bits, with the remaining 1/4 cup flour and toss the mixture to coat the butter with the flour. Knead the butter and the flour together and form the mixture into a rough square. Put the square between sheets of wax paper and with a rolling pin press it into a 5-inch square. Remove the paper, dust the square well with flour, and wrap it in another sheet of wax paper. Chill the butter mixture until it is firm but not hard. (The dough and the butter should be of equal firmness.) Roll the dough into an 8-inch square on a floured surface. Lay the butter diagonally in the center of the square and roll the 4 visible corners of the dough into 6-inch strips. (The dough will form an X around the butter.) Fold each strip of dough over the butter to enclose the butter completely and turn the dough over, sprinkling the work surface and the dough with flour. With the rolling pin flatten the dough with uniform impressions and roll it into a 12-by 6-inch rectangle. Turn the dough over, brush off any excess flour, and fold the top third of the rectangle over the center and the bottom third over the top, forming a rectangle about 6 by 4 inches. Turn the folded dough seam side down so that an open end faces you. With the rolling pin flatten the dough with uniform impressions. Roll the dough from the center away from you to within 1/2 inch of the end. Flatten the ends gently with uniform impressions but do not roll the pin over the ends or the air and butter will be expelled. Reverse the strip on the surface, flouring the surface as necessary, and again roll the dough from the center away from you to make a rectangle about 12 inches long. Turn the dough seam side up, brush any excess flour from it, and fold the rectangle in thirds as before. This completes 2 "turns." Chill the dough, wrapped in wax paper, for 30 minutes, or until it is firm but not hard. Make 4 more turns, always starting with the seam side down and an open end facing you. Chill the dough, wrapped in plastic, for at least 3 hours and up to 3 days. The dough may be frozen.
1/2 cup sugar 1 cup hazelnuts toasted lightly and skinned	Lightly oil a baking sheet. In a dry heavy saucepan cook sugar over moderate heat, stirring with a fork, until melted and cook, without stirring, swirling pan, just until a golden caramel. Add hazelnuts, stirring until coated well. Immediately pour mixture onto baking sheet and cool completely, about 30 minutes. Remove praline from baking sheet and break into pieces. Praline may be eaten as candy or ground in a food processor and used as a dessert topping.
1 1/2 cups (150 grams) confectioners' sugar, sifted to remove any lumps 3 to 4 tablespoons milk or water 2 teaspoons vanilla extract (optional)	1. Place the sugar in a medium bowl and slowly stir in the milk and vanilla, a little at a time, to make a smooth, pourable glaze.
1 1/4 cups frozen unsweetened blackberries (about 5 ounces), thawed 4 tablespoons crème de cassis (preferably imported) 1 750-ml bottle chilled champagne or other sparkling wine	Puree berries in processor. Press puree through sieve into small bowl; discard seeds. Spoon 1 tablespoon berry puree and 1 tablespoon crème de cassis into each of 4 champagne flutes. Fill each flute with champagne and serve.
1 lemon artichokes (preferably with long stems)	Halve lemon and into a bowl of cold water squeeze juice from 1 half, dropping squeezed half into water. Do not cut off stems of artichokes. Working with 1 artichoke at a time, bend back outer leaves until they snap off close to base and discard several more layers of leaves in same manner until exposed leaves are pale green at top and pale yellow at base. With a sharp stainless-steel knife cut off tops of leaves about 1 to 1 1/4 inches from top of artichoke. Trim fibrous parts from base of artichoke, being careful not to break off stem. Cut a thin slice from end of stem to expose a fresh cross section. Trim outer green fibrous part from stem, leaving pale core intact. Rub artichoke all over with cut side of remaining lemon half and put artichoke in bowl of lemon water.
2 pounds of fresh or frozen sliced peaches (do not peel if fresh) 1/2 cup sugar 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice	Stir peaches together with sugar and lemon juice in a bowl. While you cool the cooked custard, transfer the peaches and the liquid in the bowl to a 2-quart heavy saucepan and boil, covered, over high heat, stirring, 10 minutes, and then simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes more. Purée the hot mixture in a blender (careful!) until smooth, about 1 minute. Force it through a sieve into the custard mixture, pressing on the solids with the back of a spoon and discarding them. Cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Stir in 1/4 teaspoon almond extract and freeze the custard according to the cranberry ice cream directions.
3 1/2 cups sugar two 4-pound pineapples, peeled, cut into 1/4-inch-thick rings, cored, and chopped coarse (about 8 cups) 1/4 cup finely chopped peeled fresh gingerroot	In a heavy kettle combine the sugar and 2 cups water, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and boil the syrup until it registers 220°F. on a candy thermometer. Stir in the pineapple and the gingerroot and simmer the mixture, uncovered, stirring to prevent scorching, for 1 hour, or until it registers 220°F. on a candy thermometer. Remove the kettle from the heat and ladle the preserves into 5 sterilized 1/2-pint Mason type jars (sterilizing procedure follows), filling the jars to within 1/4 inch of the tops. Wipe the rims with a dampened towel and seal the jars with the lids. Put the jars in a water bath canner or on a rack set in a deep kettle, add enough hot water to the canner or kettle to cover the jars by 2 inches, and bring to a boil. Process the jars, covered, for 10 minutes, transfer them with tongs to a rack, and let them cool completely. Store the jars in a cool dark place.
1/2 cup thawed frozen raspberries in syrup 3/4 cup chilled whipping cream 2 tablespoons sugar	Puree raspberries in syrup in processor. Strain puree; discard seeds. Beat whipping cream and sugar in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Drizzle raspberry puree over cream. Using knife, swirl raspberry puree into cream just until marbled in appearance. (Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill.)
2 ounces Gosling's or Myers's dark rum 5 ounces ginger beer Lime wedge	Pour the rum over ice in highball and fill with ginger beer. Squeeze in the lime wedge.
2 to 3 large lemons 1 cup filtered or bottled still water (not distilled) 1/3 cup superfine granulated sugar	With a vegetable peeler remove zest in long pieces from 2 lemons. Squeeze 1/2 cup juice from lemons. In a small heavy saucepan heat water and sugar, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Stir in zest and transfer syrup to a bowl to cool. Chill syrup, covered, until cold. Discard zest and stir in lemon juice.
Sugar Cookie Dough 6 tablespoons bittersweet chocolate chips 1/4 cup half-and-half	Heat oven to 350°F. Cut dough in half; roll out both halves to an even 1/4-inch thickness. Cut out cookies with a round 1-inch cookie cutter, rerolling scraps to get 72 cookies. Coat 2 cookie sheets with cooking spray; place cookies on sheets 1 inch apart and bake 1 batch at a time until firm, 3 to 5 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Simmer chocolate chips and half-and-half in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring once or twice, until chocolate melts and is smooth, 1 to 2 minutes; remove from heat. Let cool 1 minute. Spread 1/2 teaspoon chocolate ganache on a cookie; press a second cookie on top to form a sandwich. Repeat with remaining cookies and ganache.
3 1/3 cups fresh or frozen raspberries 2 cups powdered sugar 1 tablespoon lemon juice	In medium saucepan over moderate heat, stir together raspberries, powdered sugar, and lemon juice. Heat, stirring often, until raspberries begin to release juice. Raise heat to moderately high and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Strain through fine-mesh sieve, pressing on solids to extract all liquid. (Sauce can be made ahead and refrigerated, covered, up to 1 week.)
2 (6x5-inch) pieces dried kombu 1 1/2 ounces bonito flakes (about 3 packed cups)	Combine kombu and 8 cups water in a large saucepan. Let sit until kombu softens, 25–35 minutes. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Immediately remove from heat; fish out kombu and discard. Add a splash of water to pot to cool liquid slightly. Add bonito flakes and stir once to submerge them. Return to a gentle boil, reduce heat, and simmer gently, skimming off any foam, 5 minutes. Let steep off heat, 15 minutes. Strain dashi through a fine-mesh sieve or cheesecloth-lined colander into a medium bowl; do not press on solids.
2 large lemons, halved Baby, medium or large artichokes	Squeeze juice from 2 lemon halves into large bowl of cold water; add squeezed lemon halves. Cut off top half of each artichoke and discard. Cut off stem of artichoke. Starting at base, bend tough outer leaves back and snap off where they break naturally, leaving tender inner leaves. Using small sharp knife, trim outside of base until no dark green areas remain. Rub trimmed area with lemon half. If recipe calls for baby artichokes, place in lemon water until ready to use. If recipe calls for medium or large artichokes left whole, scoop out fibrous choke and small purple-tipped leaves, using spoon. Rub exposed areas with lemon half. Place whole artichokes in lemon water until ready to use or up to 2 hours. If recipe calls for medium or large artichokes halved, cut each whole artichoke in half. Rub cut sides with lemon half. Using spoon, scoop out fibrous choke and small purple-tipped leaves. Rub exposed areas with lemon half. Place artichoke halves in lemon water until ready to use or up to 2 hours.
4 (1-pound) firm-ripe mangoes 6 tablespoons turbinado sugar such as Sugar in the Raw 1/3 cup dark rum	Preheat broiler. Wash and dry mangoes. Remove 2 flat sides of each mango with a sharp knife, cutting lengthwise alongside pit and cutting as close to pit as possible so that mango flesh is in 2 large pieces (reserve remaining fruit for another use). Make a crosshatch pattern with a small sharp knife, cutting across fruit down to skin at 1/2-inch intervals and being careful not to pierce through. Grasp fruit at both ends and turn inside out to make flesh side convex. Arrange fruit, skin side down, in a large shallow baking pan lined with foil and sprinkle evenly with 4 tablespoons turbinado sugar (total). Broil 5 inches from heat until fruit is golden brown (it will not brown evenly), about 5 minutes. Arrange fruit on a large platter. Cook rum with remaining sugar in a small saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat, then carefully ignite rum with a kitchen match and pour, still flaming, over warm mangoes. Serve immediately.
1 cup granulated, raw, or turbinado sugar 1 chilled log of butter shortbread cookie dough	1. Preheat the oven to 325°F. Place the sugar in a small bowl. 2. Cut the log into twenty 1/2-inch rounds. Dip one cut surface of each of the rounds into the sugar and arrange them 2 inches apart on all sides on a parchment-lined or nonstick cookie sheet or sheets. 3. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool the cookies on a wire rack.
3 ounces high-quality bittersweet chocolate 1 cup water 2 to 3 tablespoons unsweetened whipped cream	In the top of a double boiler, over boiling water, melt chocolate in water. Pour into a blender and whip for 30 seconds (or use an immersion mixer). Return mixture to double boiler and heat to desired temperature. Pour into a large cup and top with unsweetened whipped cream.
4 large eggs	Put eggs into a 1-quart saucepan, then add enough cold water to cover them by 1/2 inch. Bring water to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to moderately high and cook eggs at a gentle boil, uncovered, 10 minutes. Pour off hot water. If using eggs right away, shake pan gently so eggs bump into one another (to crack shells). Run cold water into pot to stop cooking. Let eggs stand in cold water 15 minutes, adding more cold water or ice to keep water cold.
6 ounces Aperol 1 halved small red Thai bird chile (including stem and seeds)	Combine 6 ounces Aperol and 1 halved small red Thai bird chile (including stem and seeds) in a glass and let stand 10 minutes. Taste mixture; let stand 5 minutes longer for more heat, if desired. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a small jar. DO AHEAD: Chile-Infused Aperol can be made 3 months ahead. Strain, cover, and chill.
4 ears corn, shucked and silk removed 2 tablespoons El Jefe's glove-box recado, plus more if needed 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, plus more if needed	Prepare a medium-hot fire for direct-heat cooking in a grill. Place the ears of corn on the grill rack and grill, turning them as needed to color evenly, for 10 minutes, until they have a bit of char to them but haven't cooked so much that the kernels have wrinkled. You want to maintain the sweet, fresh corn crunch. Remove from the grill and cut in half crosswise. In a large bowl, mix together the recado and lime juice. Add the corn and toss until evenly coated. Take a bite of one ear and adjust the remaining ears with more recado and lime juice to taste. Serve hot.
3 tablespoons crushed black pepper 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots 2/3 cup white-wine vinegar	1. Combine all the ingredients in a bowl. 2. Spoon the mixture over the fish and enjoy.
1 or 1 1/2 ounces Drambuie 1 or 1 1/2 ounces Scotch whiskey 2 or 3 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in an Old-fashioned glass and stir to mix.
1 3–4 pound country style pork ribs, also known as baby back ribs (about 2 racks) 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup bbq sauce plus additional for serving	1. Place ribs in a crock pot and sprinkle both sides with salt. 2. Pour BBQ sauce over the ribs and coat the ribs WELL with the sauce. 3. Cover the slow cooker (aka crock pot) and cook on low heat for 8–10 hours. 4. Baste with BBQ sauce if desired and serve.
1/4 cup (1/21/3 stick) unsalted butter 4 large Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, each cut into 8 slices 1/4 cup sugar	Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sliced apples and sauté 3 minutes. Sprinkle with sugar and sauté until apples are golden brown and just tender, about 8 minutes longer. (Can be prepared 3 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature; rewarm before using.)
1 (14-ounces) can sweetened condensed milk 3 cups plain Greek-style yogurt	Whisk condensed milk into yogurt. Chill until ready to use.
8 medium red potatoes (about 2 inches long; 1 3/4 pounds) 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil 1/2 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano	Generously cover potatoes with cold water in a 3-to 4-quart pot and add 1 tablespoon salt. Boil until almost tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain potatoes. Transfer to a baking sheet and lightly crush to about 3/4 inch thick with a potato masher, keeping potatoes intact as much as possible. Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Transfer potatoes with a spatula to skillet, then lower heat to medium-low and cook, turning once, until golden brown, about 20 minutes total. Serve sprinkled with cheese. Season generously with pepper.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1/4 pound ginger, peeled and thinly sliced (about 3/4 cup) 1 cup sugar 1 cup water	Bring ginger, sugar, and water to a simmer in a small heavy saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved, then gently simmer, uncovered, 30 minutes. Strain through a sieve and reserve ginger for another use (see cooks' note, below), then cool to room temperature.
2 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream 12 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped 5 tablespoons honey	Stir 3/4 cup cream, chocolate and honey in heavy medium saucepan over low heat until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Cool, stirring occasionally. In large bowl, beat 1 1/4 cups cream until soft peaks form. Fold cream into chocolate mixture in 2 additions. Divide mousse among eight 3/4-cup ramekins. Refrigerate until set, about 2 hours. Whip remaining 1/2 cup cream to firm peaks. Spoon a dollop of cream in center of each mousse.
2 cups (4 sticks) unsalted butter, each stick cut into quarters	Place butter pieces in 4-cup glass measuring cup. Microwave on high 2 minutes. Remove from microwave and let stand 1 minute. Spoon off foamy top layer. Spoon clear (clarified) butter into small bowl. Discard any milky liquid at bottom of measuring cup.
12 slices white bread Peanut butter Grape or raspberry-and-apple jelly	Take 1 slice of white bread, spread it with peanut butter, and top with another slice of bread. Spread the top of that slice with grape or raspberry-and-apple jelly. Place another slice of bread on top. Using a serrated knife, cut off the crusts and slice into rectangles, about 1 1/2 inches wide by 3 inches long. Repeat with another 9 slices of bread.
1 bar (100 grams) Bonajuto chocolate 1 1/2 cups water Optional: 8 (or more) ladyfingers	Melt chocolate in the water over low heat. Remove from heat, let mixture rest for 10 minutes. Reheat until hot and whip until foamy with a whisk or immersion mixer (traditionalists would use a Mexican molinillo, a wooden hot-chocolate beater). Pour into a individual cups and serve with ladyfingers, if desired, for dipping. Or eat with a spoon.
1 ounce gin 1 ounce sweet vermouth 1 ounce Campari	In mixing glass or cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine gin, vermouth, and Campari. Shake vigorously, then strain into a 6-ounce cocktail glass.
1 cup elderberry-flower syrup (available at some specialty food shops) 2 (750-ml) bottles chilled dry sparkling wine	Put 2 tablespoons elderberry-flower syrup in each of 8 stemmed glasses and top off with sparkling wine. Stir gently to combine.
12 ounces semisweet chocolate (chips or chopped bars are both fine) 2 quarts milk (8 cups)	1. Combine the chocolate and milk in a heavy saucepan. Place over medium heat until bubbles form, reduce the heat slightly, and simmer until the chocolate melts, whisking constantly. 2. Before serving, raise the heat until the chocolate just boils, still whisking. Enjoy.
1/2 cup heavy cream 2 tablespoons hot espresso or very strong coffee 8 ounces semi sweet or bittersweet chocolate (do not exceed 61% cacao), chopped	Heat cream in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat until tiny bubbles form around the edges of pan. Stir in hot espresso. Place chopped chocolate in a medium bowl. Add hot cream mixture; let stand for 1 minute, then stir until icing is melted and smooth. DO AHEAD: Icing can be made 3 days ahead. Let cool completely at room temperature, then cover and chill. Rewarm icing slightly before using.
16 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan or Grana Padano cheese Special equipment: A silicone baking mat (such as a Silpat)	Preheat oven to 375°F. Line a large rimmed baking sheet with silicone mat. Working in 2 batches, scoop 8 mounds of finely grated Parmesan or Grana Padano cheese (1 tablespoon per mound) onto mat, spreading each mound about 3" wide and spacing at least 1" apart. Bake cheese until light brown and melted, 5-6 minutes (check occasionally while baking so it won't turn too brown). Remove sheet from oven and let frico cool completely. (To shape frico, leave baking sheet in oven with door open; use a small offset spatula to remove frico one at a time, working quickly to shape. To form tuile-like shapes, gently roll warm frico around the handle of a wooden spoon. To form cups, press onto the bottom and up the sides of a mini muffin pan. Keep frico warm until ready to mold; it hardens quickly as it cools.)
1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil 1/4 cup lemon juice 3/4 teaspoon Maldon or another flaky sea salt	Combine the ingredients in a container with a tight-fitting lid and shake well until the mixture looks creamy. Taste and add a little more oil, lemon, or salt, if you'd like. Set it aside until you're ready to use it and shake again just before you do.
2 large Fuyu persimmons Hazelnut oil 1 1/2 cups warm hazelnuts	Cut persimmons into 1/2-inch-thick wedges. Arrange on plate. Drizzle with hazelnut oil. Place hazelnuts in bowl. Serve persimmons with hazelnuts.
1 medium muskmelon or cantaloupe 2 cups water 1/4 cup sugar (or to taste)	Scoop the melon seeds into a blender. Add water and sugar, then whizz on high speed for a minute. (The seeds will still be visible.) Pour the mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a pitcher, pressing on the solids. (Discard the solids.) Serve chilled or over ice.
Dash orange bitters 3 or 4 ice cubes Twist lemon peel	Combine all ingredients, except the peel, in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass and add the peel.
2 lb strawberries (2 qt), trimmed, halved if large 1/4 cup sugar 1/4 cup sweet Marsala wine	Toss together strawberries, sugar, and Marsala until sugar is dissolved. Let macerate at room temperature, tossing occasionally, 30 minutes before serving.
1 1-liter bottle 151-proof rum 2 vanilla beans, each split lengthwise 1/4 cup cocoa nibs*	Pour rum into large bottle; add vanilla bean halves and cocoa nibs. Close bottle; set aside for 3 weeks, shaking bottle every day to mix ingredients. Strain liqueur into another bottle.
1/2 cup dark soy sauce 2/3 cup palm or brown sugar 2 garlic cloves, minced	1. Place the soy sauce and sugar in a saucepan and cook over low heat until slightly caramelized and thickened, about 5 minutes. 2. Remove from the heat and stir in the garlic. Cool and serve. This sauce will keep well, refrigerated, for a couple of days; bring to room temperature if you're using it as a dipping sauce. (If you're cooking with it, you can use it directly from the refrigerator, of course.)
6 pounds small Yukon Gold potatoes (1 1/2"-2"- diameter), peeled 1 tablespoon kosher salt plus more 1/2 cup olive oil	Preheat oven to 425°F. Working in 2 batches, cook potatoes in a large pot of boiling salted water for 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer potatoes to a rimmed baking sheet. When cool enough to handle, firmly scrape the tines of a fork up and down potatoes, creating a rough, grooved surface. Pour oil onto another rimmed baking sheet; bake (to heat oil) for 5 minutes. Add potatoes; turn to coat. Season with 1 tablespoon salt. Roast, turning 3 times during cooking and occasionally basting with oil, until browned and tender, 60-70 minutes.
6 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped 24 large fresh cherries with stems	Line baking sheet with waxed paper. Place chocolate in top of double boiler set over barely simmering water (do not allow bottom of pan to touch water); stir until melted and smooth. Remove chocolate from over water. Holding cherry stem, dip 1 cherry halfway into chocolate. Place cherry, chocolate side down, on prepared sheet. Repeat with remaining cherries and chocolate. Chill until chocolate is firm, at least 15 minutes. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.)
2 round brioche rolls (about 2 ounces each) 1 pint hazelnut gelato 2 tablespoons bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped	Split the rolls crosswise, leaving the halves barely attached. Pull out some of the soft insides to make room for the gelato. Place a scoop of gelato into each brioche and sprinkle the chocolate over the exposed gelato. Close up and serve immediately. (Other traditional fillings include lemon, espresso, pistachio, and almond granita or gelato. For alternative toppings, try toasted coconut, pralines, or chopped almonds, walnuts, or pistachios.)
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 1/2 cups sugar 1 coarsely chopped vanilla bean	Blend sugar and vanilla bean in processor until bean is finely ground. Store in covered container at room temperature at least 2 days, then strain through fine strainer before using. Vanilla sugar will keep for several months. Use the leftovers in other baked goods, in your morning cup of coffee, or sprinkled over yogurt.
2 cups sugar 3/4 cup pecans, chopped coarse 1/4 teaspoon salt	Lightly oil a baking sheet. In a dry heavy saucepan cook sugar over moderate heat, stirring with a fork, until melted and cook, without stirring, swirling pan, until a golden caramel. Stir in pecans with salt until coated well. Immediately pour mixture onto baking sheet, tilting baking sheet to make a thin layer, and cool completely, about 20 minutes. Carefully remove praline in shards from baking sheet. Break about one eighth shards into smaller pieces and in a food processor pulse until ground coarse. Break remaining praline into 12 shards for garnishing desserts. Praline may be made 2 days ahead, ground praline kept in an airtight container at cool room temperature (if it clumps, regrind in food processor before using), and shards kept between sheets of wax paper in another airtight container at room temperature.
2 15-ounce cans cannellini beans (white kidney beans), rinsed, drained 1/2 cup purchased pesto 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice	Process beans in processor until smooth. Stir in pesto. Add lemon juice to taste. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead.) Stir dip before serving.
1 frozen puff pastry sheet, thawed (half of 17 1/4-ounce package) 1/2 cup sugar (about) 1/2 cup (about) jam or preserves	Preheat oven to 400°F. Roll out pastry sheet on work surface to remove creases. Brush pastry with water. Starting at 1 edge, roll up pastry tightly jelly roll style. Cut pastry into generous 1/4-inch-thick rounds. Place sugar on plate and press 1 round into sugar. Set round on baking sheet, sugar side up, tucking end under. Repeat with remaining pastry rounds. Press center of each round with finger to form small hollow. Spoon 1 teaspoon jam into each hollow. Sprinkle pastries with additional sugar. Bake pastries until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool on racks. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead.)
Boneless, skinless chicken breasts Olive oil Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste	Grilling Method: Direct/Medium Heat Pat chicken dry (no need to rinse). Brush with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place chicken over direct heat in center of cooking grate and grill for about 15 minutes (depending on the size of the chicken breasts) turning only once about half way thru cooking time (about 7 minutes per side). Grill chicken until meat is no longer pink and the juices run clear. If using barbecue sauce, brush on chicken during the last 5 minutes of cooking time to prevent burning.
6-ounce wedge Torta del Casar, room temperature 1/4 cup Pedro Ximénez Sherry or Spanish cream Sherry 1 tablespoon sugar	Cut Torta del Casar into 6 wedges; place 1 wedge on each of 6 plates. Stir Sherry with in heavy small saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves, then increase heat and boil about 4 minutes, or until liquid is thickened and syrupy. Drizzle syrup over cheese just before serving.
2 teaspoons softened butter 2 eggs 2 pinches salt	1. Rub a room-temperature 9-inch skillet with the butter. Place the skillet on the burner without turning it on. Crack the eggs into the skillet on opposite sides of the pan from each other. 2. Turn the heat on to medium-low and cook the eggs until the whites have coagulated and turned opaque. Season the eggs with salt and serve with Green Onion Sausage and Shrimp Gravy , if you like.
12 fresh lemongrass stalks, 1 or 2 outer leaves discarded 1/2 cup sugar 8 cups water	Trim off bottom 6 inches of lemongrass stalks. Cut enough lemongrass tops crosswise into 1/2-inch pieces (discard any discolored parts) to measure 1 cup. Bring lemongrass pieces, sugar, and 2 cups water to a boil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then remove from heat and let steep, partially covered, 20 minutes. Put remaining 6 cups water in a pitcher. Blend lemongrass mixture in a blender until lemongrass is finely chopped (use caution when blending hot liquids), then pour through a fine-mesh sieve into water in pitcher, discarding solids. Serve over ice.
5 cups heavy cream	Heat the cream in a heavy sauté pan and gently on the lowest heat for 5-6 hours, by which time it will have a rich, deep-yellow, wrinkled crust (use a diffuser mat if necessary). The cream must not boil or simmer. Let the cream cool overnight, but preferably not in a fridge (I leave it in a cold pantry). Next day, lift off the crust, or "clout" as my Cornish son-in-law calls it. Spoon the cream into sterilized glass jars, cover, and store in the fridge. The clotted cream is on top; thick cream left over when the clotted cream is removed can be used as heavy cream and it keeps for ages—several weeks at least. If your stove doesn't go low enough, then put the cream into an earthenware bowl, set it in a bain-marie, and proceed as above.
3 cups chapati flour (or 2 cups whole wheat flour mixed with 1 cup all-purpose flour) measured by scooping the flour with a measuring cup and leveling off with a spatula or knife 1 cup warm water(90° - 100°F) 1/2 - 3/4 cupchapati >flour, or all-purpose flour, for dusting	1. Place _chapati_flour (or whole wheat mixed with all-purpose flour) in a bowl. Add water, pouring it fast at first, to moisten the flour enough that it adheres into a mass; then slowly, little by little, until the dough is formed and can be kneaded. 2. Place the dough on the work surface and knead for 10-15 minutes, or mix and knead the dough in the food processor. This will be a very soft and pliable dough, quite sticky to the touch. Put the dough back in the bowl, cover with a moist towel or a sheet of plastic, and let it rest, preferably in a warm place, for at least 1/2 hour. (The dough may be made a day ahead and refrigerated, tightly sealed in foil. Remove from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before you are ready to roll it.)
4 pounds flat-leaf spinach (about 8 bunches), coarse stems discarded 5 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 1/2 teaspoons grated nutmeg	Bring 1 cup water to a boil in a wide large pot over high heat, then cook spinach, tossing with tongs, until completely wilted, about 5 minutes. Drain in a colander, pressing with back of a spoon to extract as much liquid as possible. Heat butter in same pot over medium heat until foam subsides, then stir in nutmeg, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and spinach. Cook, tossing with tongs, until just heated through.
4 ounces cocoa butter (optional) Food coloring powder (optional) 2 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered	If you are going to paint the bunny's face and other elements, decide on the colors you are going to use and then divide the cocoa butter into the number of colors selected. Place the cocoa butter in a yogurt maker (see tips, below) or individual stainless-steel bowls, using enough cocoa butter to keep it liquid, work the coloring powder into each one, and then, using a small paint brush, carefully paint the features directly onto the interior of the mold. (See tips, below.) Allow the cocoa butter to set for about 30 minutes, then proceed with the recipe. If you don't have the time or energy to make the cocoa butter colors, simply paint the face with tempered milk or white chocolate. Place a wire rack on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Set aside. Place the tempered chocolate in a warmed bowl. Clip the two parts of the mold together. Then, holding the mold upside down, pour the tempered chocolate into the mold. When it is full, immediately empty it back into the same bowl. The mold should be evenly coated with anywhere from 1/16 to 1/8 inch of chocolate. Tap the edge of the mold to release any air bubbles that might remain in the chocolate, to ensure a perfectly smooth coating. Wipe the edge of the mold clean on the edge of the bowl (you don't want to waste a drop of chocolate) and place the mold, open end down, on the wire rack. Let stand for about 5 minutes, or until the chocolate has begun to set. Once the chocolate hardens, using a pairing knife, scrape the open end of the mold clean. As the chocolate hardens, it will retract from the mold, and the clean edge helps prevent the chocolate from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. (If your kitchen is warm, place the mold in the refrigerator for a couple of minutes to facilitate hardening.) Repeat this process 2 more times, allowing the chocolate to thoroughly harden between pourings, to give a nice thick, child-friendly coating of chocolate. Once the chocolate has set, unclip the mold and lift the plastic from the chocolate form. If desired, wrap in cellophane and store in a cool, dry spot for up to 5 days.
6 mint leaves 2 teaspoons sugar syrup 1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) bourbon	Fill an 8- to 10-ounce glass with crushed ice (1 cup). Add mint, syrup, and bourbon and bruise mint with back of a spoon.
1 1/2 cups packed fresh mint leaves 1 cup sugar 1 cup water	Chop mint. In a saucepan bring sugar, water and mint to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Simmer syrup, undisturbed, 2 minutes. Pour syrup through a fine sieve, pressing hard on solids, and cool. Syrup keeps, covered and chilled, 2 weeks.
Dash orange bitters Dash dry vermouth 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
1 to 2 tablespoons sriracha sauce 1 cup unrefined sea salt	Stir the chile sauce and the salt together thoroughly. Spread it out into a thin layer on a dry baking sheet and set in the sun for 1 to 2 days, until dry. Alternatively, you can dry it in a dehydrator, or in an oven set at 100°F overnight, until dry. When completely dry, break up any clumps with your fingers or a spoon, and transfer it to a container with a tight-fitting lid.
3 cups milk 3 cups freshly brewed espresso Sugar to taste	With the steam pipe of an espresso machine steam the milk. Pour the espresso into coffee cups and add the milk and the sugar.
12 ears of corn Oil, for grilling	Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal (medium heat for gas). If grilling with husk on: Oil grill rack; grill corn (covered only if using a gas grill), turning, until tender, 20-30 minutes. Let stand until cool enough to handle but still warm, 5-10 minutes. If grilling without husk: Oil rack; grill corn (covered only if using a gas grill), turning, until browned and tender, about 10 minutes.
1 cup (6 ounces/180 grams) Basic Quinoa or Pilaf-Style Quinoa	1. Cook the quinoa in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, stirring or shaking the pan occasionally, until it is lightly dried out and toasted, about 15 minutes. It will make slight popping sounds as it approaches being done. To best ascertain doneness, scoop out a teaspoon, cool it slightly, and taste it. Touching it directly in the pan will not be a sure test, as the quinoa will be releasing steam. 2. Remove the skillet from the heat. Season the quinoa to taste and serve as a side or proceed with a recipe.
Pinch of cinnamon 1 ripe hard fruit, such as an apricot, apple, or pear (if using plums, use 2), halved and pitted or cored 1/4 cup filtered water	Preheat the oven to 400°F. Sprinkle a pinch of cinnamon, if using, on each apricot half and place flesh down on a glass baking dish. Pour in the water and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the flesh is very soft when pierced with a fork. Remove the skin from the flesh with a knife. Using a handheld immersion blender, a blender, or a food processor, puree the fruit and add some or all of the pan juices until the desired consistency is reached. Serve at room temperature.
pork chops salt and pepper	Cook them slowly, turning often and season to taste with salt and pepper as they cook. If they tend to curl, gash the fat around the edges. Serve with broiled apple slices and old-fashioned johnny cake with plenty of butter.
2 cups long-grain white rice 3 cups water	Rinse rice well in a sieve under cold running water, then drain well. Transfer to a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan and add 3 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and cover pan with a tight-fitting lid. Cook 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Stir gently with a heatproof rubber spatula, folding from top to bottom of pan.
2 pints strawberries, hulled and halved 16 oz lowfat sour cream Raw sugar	Mix strawberries into sour cream. Add sugar to taste. Stir until light pink. Refrigerate about half an hour.
2 cups sugar the grated rind from 4 limes	In a saucepan combine the sugar with 2 cups water, bring the water to a boil over moderate heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and add the lime rind. Cook the syrup, undisturbed, for 10 minutes. Let the syrup cool until it is lukewarm and strain it into a jar, pressing hard on the rind with the back of a spoon. The syrup keeps indefinitely, covered and chilled.
2 cups Japanese short-grain white or haiga rice	Place rice in a large saucepan, add water to cover, and swirl rice with your hand (water will become cloudy). Drain through a fine-mesh sieve and return rice to saucepan. Repeat process until water is clear when mixed with rice (3 or 4 times). Drain rice a final time and cover sieve with a kitchen towel; let rest 15 minutes (this will help the grains hydrate evenly). Return rice to same saucepan and add 2 cups water. Partially cover pot and bring to a boil. Stir once, cover, and reduce heat. Simmer until water is mostly absorbed and rice is very fragrant and tender, 10–12 minutes. Remove from heat and let rest, covered, 10 minutes. Fluff rice with a large spoon, re-cover pot, and let sit 5 minutes before serving.
4 cups coarsely chopped seeded watermelon (from a 3-lb piece, rind discarded) 1 cup (1/2 pint) vanilla ice cream	Blend watermelon and ice cream in a blender until smooth. Pour into 2 (20-ounce) glasses.
2 large eggs 6 tablespoons cool water	This "eggy" liquid is a mix of whole eggs and water that is used to adhere crumb coatings to food that is to be fried or to glaze baked gods. For 1 cup, mix 2 large eggs with 6 tablespoons cool water, whisking until combined. If using for a savory dish, you can add a sprinkling of salt and pepper.
3 or 4 ice cubes 8 ounces strong black coffee 1 teaspoon , or more to taste, Tia Maria or other coffee liqueur	Pour the coffee over ice cubes in a tall glass. Stir in the Tia Maria.
1 pound haricots verts (thin French green beans, available at specialty produce markets and some supermarkets) 2 tablespoons unsalted butter	In a kettle of boiling salted water boil the haricots verts for 4 to 6 minutes, or until they are crisp-tender, drain them, and plunge them into a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking. Drain the beans again and pat them dry. The beans may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept wrapped in dampened paper towels in a plastic bag and chilled. Just before serving, in a large skillet melt the butter over moderately high heat and in it toss the haricots verts until they are heated through. Season the haricots verts with salt and pepper.
1 1/2 cups Napa cabbage kimchi (a 12-ounce jar; do not drain), chopped 2 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste) Ingredient info: Gochujang is available at Korean markets and online.	Mix kimchi and gochujang in a small bowl. DO AHEAD: Kimchi spread can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 cups semolina 2 cups unbleached all-purpose flour 1 cup lukewarm water	In a large bowl stir together semolina and flour and form a well in center. Add water and a generous pinch of salt to well and with a fork gradually incorporated semolina mixture until a dough is formed (some of the mixture will not be incorporated). On a work surface knead dough, incorporating more semolina mixture from bowl as necessary and discard any hard clumps, until smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes. Divide dough into 8 pieces and wrap separately in plastic wrap. Line each of 2 trays with a dry kitchen towel and dust you hands with some semolina mixture. Remove plastic wrap from 1 piece of dough and roll between you hands to create a rope 3 to 4 feet long and 1/2 inch wide. Put rope on a work surface and with a sharp knife cut into 1/2-inch pieces, separating pieces as cut so they are no longer touching. Lightly toss cut pieces with a little semolina mixture. Put each cut piece of dough, a cut side down, in palm of hand and form a depression by pressing thumb of other hand into dough and twisting slightly. Arrange orecchiette on a kitchen-towel-lined tray. Make more orecchiette with remaining 7 pieces of dough in same manner, transferring to kitchen-towel-lined trays. Orecchiette may be made 2 days ahead and chilled on towel-lined trays, covered with plastic wrap.
1 pound cold firm seedless grapes, stems removed 4 ounces 60% semisweet chocolate, melted, at body temperature 1 to 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder	Dry the grapes well and place them in a bowl large enough to toss them easily. Line a baking sheet with a Silpat or parchment paper. Add the chocolate to the grapes about 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring well with a spatula, carefully scraping the sides of the bowl and folding through the center of the grapes to coat all of them evenly. When the chocolate begins to set, using a small strainer, sprinkle the cocoa powder little by little over the surface. Gently toss or stir the grapes as you sift, continuing to add the cocoa until all of the grapes are well coated and separated. Spread on the prepared sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until the chocolate is set, or for up to 1 day.
6 ounces (1 1/3 cups) frozen raspberries (not in syrup) 6 ounces (1 1/4 cups) frozen strawberries (not in syrup) 1/3 cup sugar	Heat raspberries, strawberries, and sugar in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until fruit is hot and sugar is dissolved. Purée mixture in a blender (use caution with hot liquids), then force through a large fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding seeds. Let cool to room temperature.
2 6 ounces fillets branzino or black bass 2 tablespoons vegetable oil Kosher salt	1. Dry Out Starting with parched skin is the key to a pro result— try to cook wet fish and it's going to steam, stick, rip, and generally be a huge, frustrating bummer. One hour before cooking, put your fillets on a plate, skin side up (no seasoning, please!), and leave them uncovered in the fridge to dry out.
3 slices stale firm-textured white bread 1 tablespoon or more softened unsalted butter, or 1 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1/4 teaspoon crushed garlic (optional)	Preheat oven to 300°F. Trim crusts from bread and discard. Lightly butter both sides of each slice (or, if you prefer, first blend butter with crushed garlic). I often substitute fruity extra-virgin olive oil for butter, sometimes plain, sometimes mixed with 1/4 teaspoon crushed garlic. Because bread absorbs more oil than softened butter, 1 1/2 tablespoons oil is about right. Cut each buttered slice into 1/3-inch cubes and spread in a single layer, not touching, on an ungreased large baking sheet. Slide onto the middle oven shelf and toast about 15 minutes until pale tan. Use croutons as the recipe directs.
1 ounce light rum 1 ounce sweet vermouth 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
3 cups sugar 3 cups water	Stir sugar and water in large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and simmer 3 minutes. Cool completely. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 month ahead. Cover; chill.
4 cups masa harina Kosher salt Special equipment: Tortilla press	Cut a thick plastic food-storage bag into two squares to fit the tortilla press. Put the masa harina in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and slowly add 3 cups warm water, mixing on low speed. Begin to knead the masa by hand until it feels like soft dough and is slightly warmer than your body, 5 to 8 minutes. Cover the masa and let it rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Divide the masa into 30 balls of equal size. Heat a well-seasoned comal or cast-iron skillet over moderately high heat. Arrange the two plastic squares on the bottom plate of the tortilla press. Place a ball of masa between the squares, press slightly, then open the press, flip the tortilla over, and press again to form a thin, even tortilla. Place the tortilla, still between the plastic, on your left hand (if you are right handed, or vice versa). Peel off the top sheet of plastic. Invert the tortilla onto the closely spaced fingers of your right hand (not on your palm) and remove the other plastic sheet. Carefully slide the tortilla onto the comal or cast-iron skillet and cook for several seconds or until the tortilla begins to dry on the outer edges. Using a thin spatula, flip the tortilla and cook slightly longer on the other side, then flip again. The tortilla should start to puff, the two layers separating by steam. Do not overcook the tortillas or they will be dry and hard. Immediately transfer the tortillas to a kitchen towel. Cover and keep warm until served.
2 cups/400g granulated sugar 1 vanilla bean	Cut the vanilla bean in quarters and place in the bowl of a small food processor. Add the sugar. Process until the vanilla bean is finely ground and well distributed. The sugar will be powdery. Transfer the sugar to an airtight container. It will keep indefinitely.
3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (abut 1 1/2 pounds) 1 recipe Spicy Asian Marinade 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil (for oiling the grill)	First: Prepare the Spicy Asian Marinade as directed in the recipe. Put the chicken breasts in a bowl, pour in the Spicy Asian Marinade, and toss lightly to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for an hour, or longer if possible. Second: Prepare a medium-hot fire for grilling or preheat a gas grill or the broiler. If grilling, brush the rack with olive oil and place the meat 3 inches from the source of the heat. Grill, covered, 5 to 7 minutes per side, or until the chicken is opaque all the way through. Alternatively, you can heat a nonstick skillet until very hot over high heat and sear the chicken until done, about 8 to 10 minutes, turning once. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Cut the chicken meat across the grain into thin slices. Serve with a vegetable and rice or noodles. or use in salads or stir-fried dishes.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 1/2 pounds skirt steak or sirloin flap steak Accompaniments: homemade burger buns ; homemade ketchup ; homemade mustard ; homemade pickle relish ; lettuce and tomato	Cut steak into 1 1/2-inch pieces and season with 11/2 teaspoon salt. Chill in a sealable bag 4 to 6 hours. Rinse steak under cold water, then pat dry. Grind using a meat grinder with a 3/8-or 1/4-inch die or finely chop in a food processor. Form into 6 balls and flatten into patties about 1 inch thick and 4 inches in diameter. Chill until ready to grill. Prepare grill for direct-heat cooking over medium-hot charcoal (medium-high heat for gas); see Grilling Procedure . Season burgers with 1/4 teaspoon pepper (total). Lightly oil grill rack. Grill burgers, covered only if using a gas grill, turning once, about 5 minutes total for rare or 6 minutes for medium-rare. (Burgers will continue to cook slightly once removed from grill.)
Olive-oil cooking spray 1 (8-ounce) russet (baking) potato	Preheat oven to 400°F. Lightly coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Peel potato and cut crosswise into paper-thin slices with a mandoline or other manual slicer. Overlap 8 to 10 slices on baking sheet to form a 4-inch round and make 7 more rounds in the same manner. Spray rounds lightly with cooking spray and season with salt and pepper. Bake until golden brown and crisp, 15 to 20 minutes, and season with salt.
6 ice cubes 1 to 1 1/2 ounces white crème de cacao 1 to ounces brandy	Put ice cubes in a mixing glass, add the crème de cacao and brandy and stir briskly. Strain into a cocktail glass.
3 lb skirt steak, cut into 8 pieces 1 1/2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce 1 tablespoon oil	Preheat oven to 450°F. Brush steak with Worcestershire and marinate 15 minutes.
2 pounds large unpeeled Yukon Gold potatoes, each cut into 6 to 8 wedges 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 2 teaspoons fleur de sel*	Place rack in center of oven. Preheat to 450°F. Toss all ingredients in medium bowl to coat. Arrange potatoes, points facing up, on rimmed baking sheet. Roast 20 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 400°F. Continue to roast until potato wedges are tender and golden, about 30 minutes longer. A type of sea salt; available at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores.
4 ounces (about 4 cups) dried hibiscus flowers (flor de Jamaica) 2 cups sugar 8 cups water	Combine the hibiscus flowers, sugar, and water in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the syrup coats the back of a spoon. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve, and pour the liquid back into the pot. Bring to a boil and simmer over medium-low heat until the liquid is reduced to the consistency of a thick syrup, about 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature and store refrigerated in a glass or plastic container.
A couple bags of radishes Butter, softened Kosher salt	Slice off the tips of the radishes so that the bottoms are flat. (They won't roll off the platter that way.) With a small sharp knife, cut a cone-shaped opening in the top of each radish. Fill with softened butter and sprinkle with kosher salt. That's it!
5 garlic cloves 8 eggs 5 cups extra-virgin olive oil	Peel the garlic cloves. Cut each garlic clove in half, and remove the central pale green sprout from the garlic, if there is one. Put the eggs and garlic into a deep bowl tall pitcher. Process with a hand-held blender until smooth. With the blender running, add the oil little by little. Season with salt. The aioli should have a thick, creamy texture like mayonnaise.
12 ounces fresh linguine 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided 1/4 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley	Cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite, stirring occasionally. Drain. Transfer pasta to medium bowl; toss with 1 tablespoon oil and parsley. Season generously with salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 hour ahead. Let pasta stand at room temperature, tossing occasionally.) Lightly oil large plate. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add pasta to skillet, spreading evenly, flattening top, and pressing down with spatula to compress. Cook until brown and crisp, about 3 minutes. Carefully invert cake onto prepared plate. Return skillet to medium heat. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Slide noodle cake into skillet and cook until brown and crisp on bottom, about 3 minutes. Transfer cake to cutting board, cut into wedges, and serve.
Boston butt sliced into steaks 2 to 3 inches thick Equal parts coarsely ground pepper and table salt. Mop the meat a couple of times on either side with a mix of water, butter, onion, Worcestershire sauce, and dry mustard.	MEAT: Boston butt sliced into steaks 2 to 3 inches thick RUB: Equal parts coarsely ground pepper and table salt. Apply rub at least a day before smoking. WOOD: Texas post oak cooked down to coals. PIT: Rectangular steel pit with a hinged steel lid. FIRE: Apply a thin even layer of hot coals onto bottom of cooker. Place meat on the grate after the lid gets warm. TIME: Cook the steaks over direct heat for about 6 hours. To hold the meat just let the fire die down after the 6-hour cooking time. IT'S DONE WHEN: A fork slides in easily REST THE MEAT: No need PRO TIP: Mop the meat a couple of times on either side with a mix of water, butter, onion, Worcestershire sauce, and dry mustard.
2 pounds unpeeled russet potatoes (about 3 large), scrubbed Canola oil (for deep-frying)	Bring large pot of salted water to boil. Line large baking sheet with several layers of paper towels. Cut 1 potato lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Stack 2 to 3 potato slices at a time and cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide sticks. Cook potato sticks in boiling water just until beginning to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Using slotted spoon or tongs, transfer potato sticks to paper-towel-lined baking sheet to drain. Repeat cutting, blanching, and draining remaining potatoes. Pat potato sticks dry with additional paper towels. DO AHEAD: Can be made 4 hours ahead. Let stand uncovered at room temperature. Pour enough canola oil into heavy large pot to reach depth of 4 inches. Attach deep-fry thermometer to side of pot; heat oil to 350°F. Working in batches, add potato sticks to oil and fry until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer to clean paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Serve immediately.
1 boneless prime rib eye roast of beef, about 10 pounds after boning Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, to taste	1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Sprinkle the roast generously with salt and pepper, then place on a rack in a shallow roasting pan. 2. Roast the meat for 2 hours and 20 minutes (or about 14 minutes per pound at 130°F on a meat thermometer) for rare meat. For medium-rare meat, roast until a meat thermometer reads 140°F-145°F. Remove from the oven and let rest for 15 minutes before carving enough meat for one dinner.
2 6- to 8-inch flour tortillas 4 tablespoons sour cream 2 tablespoons chopped red onion	Fold tortillas in half and cut each quesadilla into 3 wedges. Garnish with: 2 tablespoons sour cream 2 tablespoons caviar Red onion slivers Small dill sprigs 6 thin lemon slices
1 whole egg 2 to 3 ounces sherry	Crack the shell and put the unbroken whole egg in a cocktail glass; fill with sherry — 2 to 3 ounces according to the size of the egg.
3/4 cup jasmine rice 1 tablespoon unsalted butter 1/4 cup chopped mixed fresh herbs	Cook rice in a 3-qt. saucepan of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until tender, 10 to 15 minutes, and drain. Toss rice with butter and herbs and season with salt and pepper.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1/2 pork belly (approximately 6 lbs) 2 cups cure mix 2 quarts rich chicken stock (water can be substituted)	Rub the pork belly with the dry cure and refrigerate for 3 days. On day 3, rinse the pork belly and place in a casserole pan as close to the size of the belly as possible. Preheat the oven to 200°F. Cover belly with rich chicken stock and cover pan. Place in oven and cook overnight, about 7 hours. Remove belly from braising liquid, drain, and cut into serving pieces. To serve, sear the fat side of the belly until crispy.
2 pounds tender ripe green kiwifruit 3/4 cup superfine granulated sugar Equipment: an ice cream maker	Peel and chop kiwis, then pulse with sugar in a food processor until smooth. Chill until cold, about 1 hour. Freeze in ice cream maker, then transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to firm up, at least 1 hour.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1/2 cup water 1/2 cup sugar 20 kumquats, sliced and seeded	Stir water and sugar in small saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Add kumquats and return to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until fruit is tender and liquid is syrupy, about 20 minutes. Transfer to bowl; cool to room temperature. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.)
2 1/2 pints ice cream, softened (any flavor you love) 9 graham crackers Melted chocolate, if desired	1. Line an 8 x 8 inch baking dish with parchment paper making sure the edges come up on two sides. 2. Spread the softened ice cream evenly in the lined pan and place in the freezer overnight. 3. Break the graham crackers in half so that you have 18 squares. 4. Using the edges of the parchment paper, lift the ice cream on to a cutting board. 5. Slice the ice cream into 9 equal squares and sandwich between two graham cracker squares. If desired, spread melted chocolate on all the graham cracker squares and press the chocolate side onto the ice cream. 6. Place the ice cream sandwiches back in the freezer for at least 10 minutes before serving.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
3- to 4-pound whole chicken 12-ounce beer can	Apply your favorite spice rub, if desired, under and on skin of one 3- to 4-pound whole chicken. Add salt and pepper to taste. "Stand" the chicken onto an open beer can (filled halfway with beer or seasoned liquid from the article in the August issue) so that the can is inside the cavity. Stand upright on grill. Grill, covered, over indirect medium heat (see specifics below) until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh reads 175°F. **For charcoal grill:**Rake hot coals to the sides and roast chicken over drip pan containing a half an inch of water for one hour. Add 12 more briquets; leave uncovered until smoking. Recover and continue cooking. For gas grill: Leave one burner off and put chicken over unlit burner for cooking time.
a 4 to 7 pound turkey, split	Arrange the turkey halves bone side down on the grill and cook slowly for 25 minutes. Season to taste and turn skin side down. Continue cooking for 15 to 20 minutes, or until almost done. To finish cooking, bring meat close to the coals to brown. Baste during the cooking with melted butter and white wine or with seasoned oil. Serve this broiled turkey with Epicurean Sauce . Good accompaniments are heated potato chips, a bowl of watercress and well buttered toasted protein bread. Add a bottle of red wine, not too heavy. A fine dessert might be a bowl of giant fresh cherries and some fine small cakes. Finish with strong black coffee and cognac.
N/A	There are several methods for reheating corn tortillas: dry heat (gas flame), moist heat (steamer and microwave) and oily heat (dry-frying).
16 baby red-skinned potatoes (about 1 1/4 pounds) 2 tablespoons (1/4 stick) butter 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley	Using vegetable peeler, remove a narrow strip of peel from around middle of each potato. Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 15 minutes. Drain. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Melt butter in large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add potatoes and sauté until crisp and golden, about 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl. Sprinkle with parsley.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
3 cups water 3 cups sugar	Combine 3 cups water and 3 cups sugar in medium saucepan. Stir sugar and water over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer 3 minutes. Transfer syrup to bowl and chill thoroughly. DO AHEAD: Syrup can be made 2 weeks ahead. Cover and keep refrigerated.
8 ounces beef chuck steak, cut into 1/2-inch cubes 1/4 teaspoon salt 3 cups water	1. Combine the beef, salt, and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Let the mixture boil for 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low and let the water barely simmer for 20 minutes more, skimming off any scum that forms on the surface. Remove the pan from the heat and let cool. 2. Pour the liquid and the pieces of beef into the jar or container, cover it tightly, and let the liquid steep (like tea, of course) in the refrigerator for at least 24 hours. 3. Strain the liquid either through cheesecloth or a fine-mesh strainer and discard the beef. You'll be left with the tea. Serve hot.
3 ounces (2 jiggers) gin 1/2 teaspoon dry vermouth, or to taste 1 lemon twist or 1 pimiento-stuffed olive for garnish	In a small cocktail pitcher combine the gin, the vermouth, and 1 cup ice cubes, stir the mixture well, and strain it into a stemmed cocktail glass. Garnish the Martini with the lemon twist or the olive.
Peels from 2 pounds mixed citrus Spice mill	Preheat oven to 150° or as low as it will go. Using a vegetable peeler, remove peel from 2 pounds mixed citrus. Place peels in a large saucepan and pour in cold water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook 1 minute. Drain; rinse peels under cold water. Repeat twice more. Spread peels out on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet and bake until dry and brittle, 18–24 hours. Working in batches, grind peels in a spice mill to a fine powder.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 1/2 ounces (3 tablespoons) gin 6 tablespoons fresh grapefruit juice	In a cocktail shaker combine both ingredients and shake well. Pour mixture into a chilled stemmed cocktail glass filled with ice.
1 pt chocolate ice cream 3/4 cup strong brewed coffee, chilled 5 tablespoons malted milk powder	Blend all ingredients in a blender until smooth.
1 1/2 pounds ground chuck (20% fat) 4 1-inch cubes sharp white cheddar cheese, each halved 8 soft dinner rolls, split	Divide meat into 8 equal pieces. Shape into balls. Press 1 cheese piece into center of 1 meatball and enclose cheese in meat. Flatten to 21/2- to 3-inch-diameter patty. Repeat to form 7 more patties. Sprinkle both sides of patties with salt and pepper. Prepare barbecue (medium-high to high heat). Grill patties until cooked to desired doneness and cheese centers soften, about 5 minutes per side for medium. If desired, grill cut side of rolls until toasted, about 1 minute. Transfer patties to rolls; let rest 5 minutes.
1/4 cup soy sauce 1/4 cup pure maple syrup 1 (2-lb) piece center-cut salmon fillet with skin (1 1/2 inches thick)	Preheat oven to 450°F. Line bottom of a broiler pan with foil, then oil rack of pan. Boil soy sauce and maple syrup in a small saucepan over moderate heat until glaze is reduced to 1/3 cup, about 5 minutes. Arrange salmon, skin side down, on rack of broiler pan and pat dry. Reserve 1 1/2 tablespoons glaze in a small bowl for brushing after broiling. Brush salmon generously with some of remaining glaze. Let stand 5 minutes, then brush with more glaze. Roast salmon in middle of oven 10 minutes. Turn on broiler and brush salmon with glaze again, then broil 4 to 5 inches from heat until just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer salmon with 2 wide metal spatulas to a platter, then brush with reserved glaze using a clean brush.
2 ounces gin 8 ounces chilled beer or stout	Combine all ingredients, except the orange peel, in a mixing glass and stir with 3 or 4 ice cubes. Strain into a cocktail glass and add the peel.
1 cup water 1 cup sugar 1 blood orange	Bring water and sugar to boil in a heavy large skillet, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Thinly slice blood orange (you can substitute a regular orange); add to skillet, arranging in a single layer. Reduce the heat to medium-low and barely simmer until the white pith of the orange becomes translucent, turning the slices occasionally, about 40 minutes. Allow the orange slices to cool in the syrup, turning occasionally. Arrange the slices atop the tart and drizzle with some of the syrup just before serving.
1 12-ounce bottle strong ginger beer (such as Reed's) 1 cup mixed dried fruit (such as stemmed figs, apricots, cherries, prunes, raisins, and sliced candied ginger)	Bring ginger beer, dried fruit, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat to low and simmer until liquid becomes syrupy and mixture is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, 35-40 minutes. Let cool completely. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.
2 cups scooped-out melon, such as honeydew or cantaloupe 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice 1 1/2 cup vanilla frozen yogurt	In a blender purée the melon with the lemon juice and a pinch of salt. Add the frozen yogurt and blend the shake until it is smooth.
1 fresh ginger, 2 1/2" piece 1 1/3 cups hibiscus flowers 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar	Peel and thinly slice fresh ginger. Combine ginger, hibiscus flowers, and 3 cups boiling water in a medium pot. Let steep at room temperature for 30 minutes. Strain into a large pitcher, discarding solids. Add sugar; stir until dissolved. Add 8 cups cold water. Fill glasses with ice; pour agua fresca over and serve. DO AHEAD: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.
3 to 4 cups vegetable oil for frying 2 pounds Idaho or russet baking potatoes or Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, rinsed and dried salt to taste	Pour enough oil into a deep fryer to reach at least halfway up the sides of the pan but not more than three-quarters of the way up. Heat the oil to 325°F. Cut the potatoes into sticks 1/2 inch wide and 2 1/2 to 3 inches long. Dry all the pieces thoroughly in a clean dish towel. This will keep th oil from splattering. Divide the potato sticks into batches of no more than 1 cup each. Do not fry more than one batch at a time. When the oil has reached the desired temperature, fry the potatoes for 4 to 5 minutes per batch. They should be lightly colored but not browned. If your fryer has a basket, simply lift it out the remove the fried potatoes. Otherwise, use a long-handled skimmer to lift out the potatoes. Be sure to bring the temperature of the oil back to 325°F in between batches. At this point the fries can rest for several hours at room temperature until you are almost ready to serve them. Heat the oil to 325°F. Fry the potatoes in 1-cup batches until they are nicely browned and crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on fresh paper towels or brown paper bags and place in a warmed serving bowl lined with more paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and serve. Never cover the potatoes to keep them hot as they will immediately turn soft and limp. If you are inclined to perfectionism, leave some potatoes to fry halfway through the meal so you can serve them crisp and piping hot.
4 teaspoons peach schnapps 1 teaspoon amaretto 3/4 cup chilled brut Champagne	Pour schnapps and amaretto into Champagne flute. Fill with Champagne and serve.
1 cup chilled heavy whipping cream 1 tablespoon good-quality loose-leaf jasmine tea or 3 jasmine tea bags 1 tablespoon sugar	Combine chilled cream and tea in bowl. Cover; chill overnight or up to 2 days. Strain cream-tea mixture through fine strainer into mixing bowl; discard solids. Add sugar; beat until peaks form.
2 cups water 1 2/3 cups sugar 20 to 30 large fresh lemon verbena leaves	In a medium saucepan set over medium heat, bring the water and sugar to a boil. Add the lemon verbena leaves and cover the pan. Steep for 15 minutes. Strain the syrup through a fine-mesh strainer, discard the leaves, and let cool. Store the syrup in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 4 days.
1 ice cube 2 ounces brandy 6 ounces chilled champagne	Place the ice cube in a 10-ounce wineglass or goblet, add the brandy and champagne.
Water	Fill a metal bowl or Bundt pan with water; freeze overnight. Let defrost just long enough to loosen the ice from its mold. For added flair, use a floral-shaped Bundt pan or add fresh ingredients to the water before freezing. Try slices of pineapple and mint leaves for the Pineapple-Gin Punch , sliced citrus for the Green Tea and Citrus Whiskey Punch , pomegranate seeds for the Pomegranate-Champagne Punch , or grapefruit slices for the Bourbon Punch with Pink Grapefruit and Mint .
4 ripe cantaloupes 2/3 cup port Chopped mint	Scoop out melon meat with a melon baller. Arrange balls in a glass or china serving dish and add port. Soak for one hour before serving. Sprinkle with chopped mint.
3 cups 1-inch cubes day-old bread (preferably whole-grain) extra-virgin olive oil	In a blender pulse bread in 2 batches until coarsely ground. In a dry large cast-iron skillet toast bread over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until golden and crisp, 10 to 20 minutes. In a bowl toss bread crumbs with oil and salt to taste. Bread crumbs keep in an airtight container at room temperature 1 week.
1/2 cup sugar 2 cups pineapple juice 4 small mint sprigs, for garnish	Combine sugar with 1/4 cup water in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Simmer until sugar is dissolved, stirring once or twice. Whisk juice into the sugar syrup and pour into a 9 x 9 x 2-inch pan. Freeze 2-3 hours, pulling a fork through the mixture every 30 minutes to make granules. Serve in glasses garnished with mint.
1 3/4 cups peanut oil 1 pound onions, very thinly sliced (4 cups)	1. Heat a wok over high heat for 30 seconds. Add the peanut oil and onions, and cook for 7 minutes, stirring and turning the onions often to prevent burning and to ensure even browning. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring often, for 15 minutes more, or until the onions turn light brown. Turn off the heat. Strain the oil through a fine-mesh strainer into a heatproof bowl, pressing the onions with a ladle as they drain. Allow the oil to cool to room temperature. Set the fried onions aside to cool. Pour the cooled oil into a sterilized glass jar and close tightly. The oil will keep at room temperature for 1 week or refrigerated for up to 3 months. Transfer the fried onions to a plastic container, cover, and refrigerate. They will keep for up to 3 months.
6 ounces chilled stout 6 ounces chilled champagne	Pour the stout slowly into a tall glass, and then simply add the champagne.
2 1/4 to 2 1/2 pounds medium Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, quartered 3 to 4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 2 tablespoons prepared white horseradish	Cook potatoes in large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid. Place in large microwave-safe bowl. Add 3 tablespoons oil. Mash until potatoes are smooth, adding remaining 1 tablespoon oil, if desired, and reserved cooking liquid by 1/4 cupfuls to moisten to desired consistency. Mix in horseradish. Season to taste with salt and pepper. DO AHEAD: Potatoes can be made up to 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Rewarm potatoes in microwave before continuing. Transfer potatoes to bowl and serve.
2 cups sugar 1/2 cup water 1 cup heavy whipping cream	Combine sugar and 1/2 cup water in heavy deep medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring syrup to boil, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush. Boil without stirring until syrup turns dark amber color, swirling pan occasionally, about 13 minutes. Remove from heat and add cream (mixture will bubble up). Stir caramel until smooth. DO AHEAD Caramel sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Transfer to microwave-safe bowl. Cool. Cover and chill. Rewarm in microwave in 15-second intervals before using.
2 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened	Cook Brussels sprouts in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain in a colander and toss with butter and salt and pepper to taste.
2 pounds thick-cut bacon (about 16 slices) 2 tablespoons cracked pink peppercorns 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper	Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 400°F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with foil and fit with wire racks. Place bacon on racks and sprinkle with half of pink and black pepper. Bake 15 minutes, turn, sprinkle with remaining pink and black pepper, and rotate baking sheets. Bake bacon until brown and crisp, 15–20 minutes longer.
4 ounces Beefeater gin 3/4 ounce Noilly Prat dry vermouth 1 lemon	1. Nice Ice, Baby: Hold a large ice cube in the center of your palm. Use the back of a bar spoon (really, any spoon will work) to crack it into smaller jagged pieces. Transfer ice to a mixing glass and repeat until you've got enough cracked ice to fill glass.
3/4 cup sugar 1/2 cup fresh orange juice 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice	In a 1 1/2-quart saucepan stir together sugar and juices and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes, or until sugar is dissolved and syrup is slightly thickened. Cool syrup. Syrup may be made 3 days ahead and chilled, covered. Makes about 1 1/4 cups.
1 cup chilled champagne 1/2 cup chilled passion-fruit nectar or juice	Divide champagne between 2 glasses and top off each drink with nectar or juice (3 to 4 tablespoons).
16 small red-skinned and/or white-skinned potatoes (about 2 inches in diameter) Olive oil Fresh rosemary leaves	Cook potatoes in large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 25 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer potatoes to kitchen towel. Cool potatoes to lukewarm, about 20 minutes. Using another towel, gently press each potato until split open and flattened to scant 1-inch thickness (don't press too flat or potatoes will break apart). Brush large baking sheet with oil. Transfer potatoes to prepared sheet. Brush potato tops with oil; sprinkle with salt, pepper, and some rosemary leaves. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Place potatoes, oiled side down, on grill. Brush with oil. Cook until crisp and beginning to color, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to platter; sprinkle with more rosemary leaves and serve hot.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
3/4 pound pencil-thin asparagus (about 30 stalks), trimmed and lower stalks peeled 15 pencil-thin whole scallions, trimmed and cut to length of asparagus, plus 2 scallion whites minced 2 tablespoons unsalted butter	In a kettle of boiling salted water cook asparagus until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Remove asparagus with tongs and immediately plunge into a bowl of ice and cold water. In water in kettle cook whole scallions until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Remove scallions with tongs and immediately plunge into bowl of ice and cold water. Drain asparagus and scallions on paper towels. Asparagus and scallions may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. In a large non-stick skillet sauté minced scallion in butter over moderately high heat until softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in asparagus, whole scallions, and salt and pepper to taste and sauté, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 5 minutes.
About 5 cups vegetable oil 12 plain pappadams (about 4 inches in diameter)	Heat about 1 1/2 inches oil in a wok or 4- to 5-quart heavy pot over high heat until a tiny piece of pappadam dropped in oil quickly bobs to surface and expands (about 350°F). Reduce heat to medium-high. Slip 1 pappadam into oil and let it expand to its full size and turn light brown, 10 to 30 seconds. Using tongs, flip it over quickly and fry other side until light brown. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Repeat with remaining pappadams. (If pappadams don't expand immediately, oil is too cool; if they brown too quickly, oil is too hot.)
1 pound red pearl onions, unpeeled Salt, to taste	Prepare barbecue grill (medium heat). Place onions on the grill and cover. Grill until onions are very tender when pierced with a skewer, about 15 minutes. Serve with salt. To pop the onion out of its papery skin, pick it up by the root end and squeeze.
2 cups plain yogurt 2 teaspoons curry powder 1/4 teaspoon fresh lime juice, plus more to taste	In medium bowl, whisk together all ingredients. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Taste and add more lime juice if desired.
1 (3/4-lb) piece Parmigiano-Reggiano 2 fennel bulbs (sometimes called anise)	Pry off bite-size chunks of cheese with a Parmigiano-Reggiano knife or the point of a small sharp stiff knife and put on a platter. Trim fennel, discarding stalks and outer layer if bruised. Halve bulbs lengthwise and core, then cut into 1/4-inch-wide slivers. Just before serving, tuck clusters of fennel among cheese chunks.
About 6 cups vegetable oil for frying 2 russet (baking) potatoes (1 1/2 pounds total) Equipment: a deep-fat thermometer; an adjustable-blade slicer fitted with 1/8-inch julienne blade	Heat 2 inches oil to 375°F in a wide 5- to 7-quart heavy pot (at least 4 inches deep) over medium heat. Meanwhile, peel potatoes and cut lengthwise with slicer to make 1/8-inch-thick julienne strips. Fry potatoes in 5 or 6 small batches, stirring, until golden brown, about 2 minutes per batch. (Return oil to 375°F between batches.) Drain potatoes on paper towels and season with salt.
5 tablespoons unsalted butter 1/3 cup sliced blanched almonds, toasted 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice	In a small saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat and continue to heat until golden brown with a nutlike fragrance. (Bottom of pan will be covered with brown specks.) Pour butter through a sieve lined with a dampened paper towel into a bowl and discard solids. In a small skillet heat brown butter, almonds, and lemon juice until heated through.
4 medium red or pink grapefruits 2 pints fruit-flavored sorbet or sherbet, slightly softened	Cut grapefruits in half and juice them (reserve juice for Daiquiri Ice Pops or drinking). Using a large spoon, scrape out pulp and flesh (it should come out easily). Peel away any residual white pith so you're left with completely clean rinds. Fill grapefruit halves with sorbet and smooth tops flush with edges of fruit using a small flexible spatula or butter knife to make cups; freeze until ready to serve. Cut each sorbet cup in half to make quarters just before serving.
Special equipment: a chestnut knife and protective gloves	Preheat oven to 350°F. Make a large X with a chestnut knife or sharp paring knife on flat side of each chestnut through the shell but not the meat. Soak chestnuts in a bowl of warm water to cover by 2 inches for 15 minutes, then drain well. Roast in 1 layer in a shallow baking pan in middle of oven until shell curls away at X mark, about 15 minutes. Wearing protective gloves, peel away shells from chestnuts while still hot. Blanch chestnuts in boiling water 2 minutes and drain. Rub in a kitchen towel to remove skins.
1/2 prepared Basic Butter Cookie Dough 1/3 cup seedless raspberry jam 1/2 cup finely chopped hazelnuts	Preheat oven to 350°F. Roll out dough between sheets of wax paper into an approximately 14-inch square, about 1/8 inch thick, and remove top sheet of paper. Spread dough with jam and sprinkle with nuts. With a long-bladed knife cut dough into 2-inch squares and halve each square diagonally to form triangles. If dough becomes too soft to work with, transfer it on wax paper to a baking sheet and freeze or chill until firm. Arrange triangles 1/2 inch apart on baking sheets and bake in batches in middle of oven until pale golden, about 12 minutes. Cool cookies on baking sheets 5 minutes and transfer to racks to cool completely. Cookies may be stored between layers of wax paper in airtight containers up to 6 weeks frozen.
2 12-ounce baskets strawberries, hulled, sliced (about 4 cups) 2 tablespoons sugar 2 tablespoons banana liqueur or brandy	Combine all ingredients in medium bowl. Let stand at room temperature 2 hours or refrigerate up to 4 hours.
1kg Maris Piper potatoes, peeled and cut into chips (approx. 2 × 2 × 6cm) Groundnut or grapeseed oil Sea salt	Place the cut chips into a bowl under running water for 5 minutes to wash the starch off. Place 2kg cold tap water in a large saucepan and add the potatoes. Place the pan over a medium heat and simmer until the chips are almost falling apart (approximately 20-30 minutes, depending on the potato). Carefully remove the cooked chips and place them on a cooling rack to dry out. Then place in the freezer for at least 1 hour to remove more moisture. Heat a deep-fat fryer or a deep pan no more than half filled with oil (to a depth of around 10cm) to 130°C. Fry the chips in small batches until a light crust forms (approximately 5 minutes), remove from the oil and drain on kitchen paper. Put the potatoes on a cooling rack and place in the freezer for at least 1 hour. (At this stage, if you don't want to cook and serve immediately, the chips can be kept in the fridge for 3 days.) Heat the oil in the deep-fat fryer or deep pan to 180°C and fry the chips until golden (approximately 7 minutes). Drain and sprinkle with sea salt.
2 teaspoons Sichuan peppercorns 1/4 cup peanut oil Special equipment: an electric coffee/spice grinder	Pulse peppercorns in grinder until coarsely ground. Heat oil with peppercorns in a 1- to 1 1/2-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, swirling pan occasionally, until peppercorns turn a shade darker, about 1 minute, then transfer to a heatproof bowl and cool to room temperature. Stir before using.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 tablespoon vegetable oil 1 pound small oyster mushrooms (any large ones cut into 1-inch pieces), stems trimmed 2 teaspoons cider vinegar	Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat until hot. Sauté mushrooms with 1/2 teaspoon salt until golden, about 8 minutes. Add vinegar and sauté until evaporated, about 1 minute. Season with salt, then transfer to a plate to cool. Serve at room temperature.
2 cups hazelnuts or walnuts, lightly toasted 2 extra-large egg whites 1 cup packed dark brown sugar	Preheat oven to 350°F. In bowl of a food processor, process nuts until coarsely ground. Set aside. Place egg whites in bowl of an electric mixer with a pinch of salt. Beat until just beginning to stiffen. Add brown sugar and beat until stiff peaks form and the mixture is glossy. Carefully fold in nuts with a flexible rubber spatula. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Drop heaping tablespoons of batter onto parchment. Bake 20 minutes, or until cookies are dark beige and just set. Remove from oven and let cookies cool on baking sheet. Remove with spatula, and store in a tightly covered tin.
Crushed ice 2 ounces Sambuca 3 coffee beans	Pack an 8-ounce wineglass half full of crushed ice. Pour the Sambuca over the ice and top with the coffee beans. The beans are chewed like candy after they have absorbed the flavor of the liqueur.
Peanut oil (for frying) 3 pounds russet potatoes (about 3 large), peeled, cut into 2 1/2x1/3-inch strips 1 tablespoon truffle oil*	Line 2 large baking sheets with paper towels. Attach candy thermometer to side of large deep pot (do not let tip touch bottom). Add enough peanut oil to pot to reach depth of 3 inches. Heat oil over medium heat to 300°F. Place potatoes between 2 kitchen towels and pat dry. Working in batches, add potatoes to oil and cook until potatoes are just tender, stirring occasionally and maintaining heat at 300°F, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer potatoes to 1 prepared baking sheet to drain. Heat same oil until temperature reaches 360°F to 365°F. Working in batches, add same fries to oil and cook until golden brown, maintaining temperature between 360°F and 365°F, about 2 minutes per batch. Transfer to second prepared baking sheet to drain. Transfer french fries to serving dish; sprinkle with salt, then toss with truffle oil and serve.
1/4 cup packed fresh mint leaves 1/2 cup sugar	In an electric coffee/spice grinder finely grind mint with sugar. Mint sugar may be made 1 hour ahead and kept in an airtight container.
1 cup heavy (whipping) cream 2 tablespoons sugar 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract	Beat the cream in a bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until it becomes frothy. Add the sugar and vanilla; continue beating until the cream holds soft peaks. Do not over beat. Refrigerate the cream, covered with plastic wrap, for no more than an hour if not using immediately.
1 teaspoon Poire William or other pear eau-de-vie 6 oz demi-sec Champagne or sparkling wine, chilled Garnish: thin slices of pear	Pour eau-de-vie into a Champagne flute and swirl around to coat inside of glass. Top off with Champagne.
2 ounces vodka 5 ounces cranberry juice Lime slice	In a highball glass almost filled with ice cubes, combine the vodka and cranberry juice. Stir well. Garnish with lime slice.
1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, cut into pieces 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper 8 pita loaves, each loaf quartered and separated to form 8 triangles	Preheat the oven to 400°F. In a small saucepan melt the butter with the pepper and salt to taste, brush the butter on the rough sides of the pita triangles, and bake the triangles on baking sheets in batches in the middle of the oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until they are golden.
2 pounds green beans, trimmed 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened 1/2 teaspoon celery salt	Cook green beans in a large pot of boiling salted water (1 tablespoon salt for 5 quarts water) until just tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, stir together butter and celery salt. Drain beans, then toss with butter and season with pepper.
2 slices bread, preferably whole wheat 2-3 tablespoons olive oil 2 eggs	First stamp a circle from the center of each slice of bread with a 2-inch cookie cutter and reserve. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a frying pan or skillet over medium heat, add the bread and reserved rounds ('hats') and fry until the undersides are lightly golden. Turn the bread over, adding more oil if necessary. Carefully break the eggs and ease them into the holes. (Sometimes I drain off a little of the white, but this is not a rule.) Reduce the heat and cook until the whites are set and the yolks are beginning to set, but are still soft. Using a spatula, transfer the slices of bread and eggs to a plate, with their hats over the yolks, and serve.
1 cup fresh mint, lemon balm, or lemon verbena or 1/4 cup fresh lemon thyme 1 qt boiling water	Put herbs in a teapot and add boiling water. Let steep 3 minutes before serving.
For each syrup, start by mixing 2 cups water and 2 cups sugar in medium saucepan. Add 3 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger, 3 cinnamon sticks, 3 whole star anise, and a pinch of ground nutmeg.	Bring ingredients to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat; cover and let steep 1 hour. Strain syrup into small pitcher; discard solids in strainer. Cover and refrigerate syrup until cold, about 3 hours. (Can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled.)
3 cups Thai jasmine rice (1 lb 5 oz) 3 3/4 cups water	Rinse rice in several changes of cold water until water is clear, then drain well in a large fine-mesh sieve. Bring rice and water (3 3/4 cups) to a boil in a 4-quart wide heavy pot and boil, uncovered, without stirring, until steam holes appear in rice and grains on surface look dry, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce heat to very low, then cover pot with a tight-fitting lid and simmer 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Gently fluff rice with a fork.
2 cups strawberries (about 1 pint), trimmed 1/3 cup sugar a 750-ml. bottle Sauvignon Blanc or other dry white wine, chilled	In a bowl gently toss together strawberries and sugar and let stand 10 minutes. In a blender purée strawberry mixture with wine until smooth and pour through a fine sieve into a pitcher. Wine cooler may be made 4 hours ahead and chilled. Serve wine cooler chilled over ice.
2 cups plus 12 tablespoons whipping cream 1 2/3 cups sugar 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter	Combine 1 cup plus 6 tablespoons cream, sugar and butter in heavy large saucepan. Boil over medium-high heat until mixture thickens slightly and is deep golden, stirring constantly, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat; cool 5 minutes. Gradually whisk in 1 cup plus 6 tablespoons cream (mixture will bubble vigorously). Stir over low heat until mixture is smooth. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Chill. Rewarm over low heat until lukewarm, before using.
2 ounces vodka 5 ounces grapefruit juice	In a highball glass almost filled with ice cubes, combine the vodka and grapefruit juice. Stir well.
2 ripe bananas, peeled 2 cups plain nonfat yogurt 1 cup frozen unsweetened strawberries	Wrap bananas in plastic wrap. Freeze until firm, about 3 hours. (Can be prepared up to 2 days ahead.) Break bananas into quarters. Combine bananas with yogurt and strawberries in blender. Blend until smooth. Pour into 2 tall glasses and serve.
1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature 3 ounces smoked salmon, finely chopped (about 3/4 cup) 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill	Stir all ingredients in small bowl until well blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Bring to room temperature before using.)
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
4 to 6 scallions 1 tablespoon mayonnaise 2 (6-ounce) pieces arctic char fillet	Preheat broiler. Line rack of broiler pan with foil. Finely chop scallions and stir together with mayonnaise. Pat fillets dry. Place fillets, skin sides down, on broiler pan and season each fillet with a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Spread scallion mixture evenly over tops of fillets. Broil 3 to 4 inches from heat until scallions are slightly charred and fish is just cooked through, about 8 minutes.
1/2 cup sugar 1/4 cup heavy cream	In a heavy skillet cook the sugar over moderately high heat, stirring constantly with a fork, until it is melted completely and turns a deep golden caramel. Remove the skillet from the heat, stir the caramel to prevent further darkening, and pour the cream into the side of the skillet carefully (the caramel will harden when the cream is added). Add 2 tablespoons water and cook the caramel mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the caramel is dissolved. Let the sauce cool to warm.
1 lemon 2 jiggers (3 ounces) gin Chilled ginger ale	With a lemon zester, remove the rind from the lemon in a long spiral, beginning at one end and workingaround the lemon. Arrange the spiral in a highball glass and fill glass with ice. Add gin and 2 teaspoonsjuice from the lemon, or to taste. Stir and fill glass with ginger ale.
1 pound dried egg noodles or egg pasta 1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter 6 ounces Greek feta (preferably Mt. Vikos or Dodoni brand), crumbled (1 1/2 cups)	Cook noodles in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until just tender (softer than al dente). Drain well in a colander. While noodles cook, melt butter in a small heavy skillet over low heat and continue to cook until it begins to turn golden brown, about 6 minutes. Remove from heat. Spread one third of noodles on a large platter and sprinkle with one third of cheese. Repeat layering with remaining noodles and cheese in 2 batches, then pour brown butter over noodles and toss with 2 forks to combine. Spread noodles on platter and season with pepper.
2 bunches tender herbs (such as dill, basil, cilantro, or tarragon) Spice mill	Preheat oven to 150° or as low as it will go. Spread out 2 bunches tender herbs (such as dill, basil, cilantro, or tarragon) on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet and bake until dry and brittle, 1–1 1/2 hours. Working in batches, grind herbs in a spice mill to a fine powder.
1 17.6-ounce container whole-milk Greek-style yogurt* 3 tablespoons honey 1/4 teaspoon orange-flower water**	Mix all ingredients in small bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 pineapple 4 cups water 6 cups superfine sugar	Preparing the Pineapple If you are using a small Victoria pineapple, leave the greens attached and remove the skin, but keep the fruit whole. Otherwise, peel the pineapple, taking care to remove all of the eyes, then cut the pineapple crosswise into slices 1/2 inch thick. Remove the center with a round cutter. Place the whole pineapple in a deep bowl or arrange the slices in a single layer in a large, wide nonreactive dish.
2 tablespoons light molasses 1 tablespoon bourbon 1 pint vanilla ice cream, slightly softened	Stir molasses and bourbon into slightly softened vanilla ice cream. Freeze ice cream until firm.
1 pound stemmed fresh chiles (such as jalapeño, serrano, Fresno, or habanero; use one variety or mix and match) 2 tablespoons kosher salt 1 1/2 cups distilled white vinegar	Pulse chiles and kosher salt in a food processor until a coarse purée forms. Transfer to a 1-quart glass jar, loosely screw on lid, and let stand at room temperature for 12 hours to ferment slightly. Stir in vinegar and loosely screw on lid. Let chile mixture stand at room temperature for at least 1 day and up to 7 days. (Taste it daily; the longer it sits, the deeper the flavor becomes.) Purée mixture in a food processor or blender until smooth, about 1 minute. Place a fine-mesh sieve inside a funnel. Strain mixture through sieve into a clean glass bottle. (Hot sauce will become thinner and may separate after you strain it; shake vigorously before each use.) DO AHEAD: Can be made up to 4 months ahead. Keep refrigerated.
1 recipe crepes Peanut butter, room temperature Fruit preserves	1. Make crepes per recipe directions and place on a plate. 2. Spread one heaping tablespoon of peanut butter on one crepe and then spread with 1 heaping tablespoon of preserves on top. 3. Repeat with remaining crepes. 4. Roll crepe into a log and slice to serve.
12 ounces coarsely ground fresh coffee beans Milk (optional) Cheesecloth	Place ground coffee in a large container. Gradually add 7 cups cold water. Stir gently to be sure all grounds are moistened. Cover with a layer of cheesecloth. Let stand at room temperature for 15 hours. Remove cheesecloth and use it to line a fine-mesh sieve set over a large pitcher. Pour coffee through sieve into pitcher (do not stir); rinse jar and set aside. Discard cheesecloth with solids. Line same sieve with a large coffee filter and set over reserved jar. Strain coffee through sieve into jar. (It may take up to 45 minutes for all of the coffee to drip through; do not stir or coffee may become cloudy.) Cover and chill. DO AHEAD: Coffee concentrate can be made 2 weeks ahead. Keep chilled. Fill a glass with ice. Dilute 1 part coffee concentrate with 1 part milk, if desired, or water.
0.12 gram (one-third of 1/8 teaspoon) active dry yeast or 0.36 gram fresh yeast, broken into small pieces 47 grams (3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon) cold tap water 47 grams (1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons) flour used in dough recipe	Put the yeast in a small bowl, add the water, and whisk vigorously for 30 seconds. The mixture should bubble on top. If it doesn't and the yeast granules float, the yeast is "dead" and should be discarded. Begin again with a fresh amount of yeast and water. Add the flour and stir well with a rubber spatula to combine. The consistency will be quite thick, resembling a thick pancake batter. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and let sit at room temperature for 18 hours. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to cool slightly before using. If you are not using the starter right away, you can store it in the refrigerator, though I suggest keeping it for no more than 8 hours. Bring to cool room temperature before using.
6 ounces green beans 1/2 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil	Trim beans and in a large saucepan of boiling salted water cook until crisp-tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain beans well in a colander and in a bowl toss with zest, oil, and salt and pepper to taste.
Bottom: Green crème de menthe Middle: Licor 43 Top: Baileys Irish Cream	Fill the shot glass 1/3 full with green crème de menthe. Carefully pour the Licor 43 over the back of a spoon until the shot glass is 2/3 full. Pour the Baileys over the back of a spoon as the top layer.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
12 (8 ounces) packages cream cheese, softened 6 sticks unsalted butter, softened 2 (1 pound) boxes confectioners sugar (7 1/2 cups)	Make frosting in 2 batches: For first batch, beat 6 packages cream cheese in a standing electric mixer until smooth and add 3 sticks butter and 1 box confectioners sugar. Beat on low speed until sugar is incorporated, then beat on medium speed 1 minute. Repeat with remaining ingredients and combine batches.
Cheap vodka, enough to fill your jar or bottle Spent vanilla beans, at least 3	1. Fill a mason jar or bottle with vodka. After you use the seeds of a vanilla bean in a recipe, rinse off the vanilla bean and put it in the vodka. You'll need at least 3 vanilla beans in there for at least 3 weeks to get a good extract going, but it's fine to use more beans, too. Your extract is ready when it is a lovely brown color and it smells like vanilla. 2. Either pour the extract it into a new bottle and start over or keep topping off the working bottle with vodka and keep shoving more vanilla beans into the bottle. As long as you don't let it get too empty, you can keep using the extract indefinitely even as you continue to top it off.
2 cups unbroken live oak acorns, shells removed 4-5 tablespoons peanut oil or other vegetable oil, divided use	1. Preheat oven to 350°F. 2. Coat acorns with 1 tablespoon peanut oil and spread on a cookie sheet. Bake for 10-15 minutes. Cool acorns. 3. Process the acorns in a food processor on high speed until finely ground. Continue processing until acorns form a thick paste. 4. Slowly add remaining peanut oil until smooth and creamy, scraping down sides and adding a little more oil as needed. Serve on Winterfell Black Bread or a bread of your choice.
2 tablespoons flaky sea salt 1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder Zest of 2 limes	Toss 2 tablespoons flaky sea salt and 1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder on a baking sheet. Finely zest 2 limes over. Bake in a 350°F oven, stirring occasionally, until lime zest is dry, about 5 minutes. Let cool.
1 cup sugar 8 ounces (1 cup) water	In a small saucepan, combine the sugar and water. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until the sugar is dissolved. When the syrup starts to boil, lower the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Stored in a covered container in the refrigerator, the syrup will keep for about 1 month.
6 garlic cloves 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil 2 cups purchased mayonnaise	Finely chop garlic cloves in food processor. Gradually blend in oil. Add mayonnaise. Blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. (Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.)
4 ounces (1/2 cup) chilled Champagne or prosecco 2 ounces (1/4 cup) chilled Guinness Extra Stout	1 Pour the Champagne into a flute or other tall glass. 2 Pour the Guinness on top. (Guinness is heavier. If you mix it the other way around, it won't combine evenly and will need to be stirred.)
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 oz Gin of choice .75 oz Jack Rudy Tonic 4-5 oz Soda Water	Preperation: In a collins glass, combine all ingredients and serve.
1 cup tahini (sesame seed paste)* 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice 1/2 cup (or more) hot water	Spoon tahini into medium bowl. Add lemon juice and whisk until smooth. Add 1/2 cup hot water and whisk until well blended, adding more hot water by tablespoonfuls if mixture is very thick. Season to taste with salt. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Sold at some supermarkets and at natural foods stores and Middle Eastern markets.
24 paper-thin slices (4-inch rounds) Genoa salami (1/4 lb) Special equipment: parchment paper	Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 325°F. Arrange salami slices in 1 layer on 2 large baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Bake, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until edges are crisp and beginning to curl, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer slices to a rack to cool. (They will crisp as they cool.)
Confit made with 4 duck wings and 4 duck legs with thighs attached 1/4 cup duck fat plus additional for sealing Freshly ground black pepper	Shred the duck meat, discarding the skin and bones. Place the shredded meat in a food processor and add 1 tablespoon of duck fat. Pulse the machine and add enough of the remaining fat so the rillettes hold together. Season the rillettes with plenty of pepper and serve with toasted country bread. Alternatively, spoon the rillettes into ramekins, top with a layer of duck fat, and store in the refrigerator. They will keep for several weeks.
1 pound broccoli rabe (1 bunch), hollow stems discarded 1 tablespoon unsalted butter 1 garlic clove, chopped	Cook broccoli rabe in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 4 minutes, and drain in a colander. Melt butter in same pot over moderate heat, then cook garlic, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add broccoli rabe, tossing gently in butter to coat, and season with salt and pepper.
2 pounds raw medium shrimp, shells left on 1/4 cup "shrimp and crab boil" spices such as Old Bay Seasoning lemon wedges	Set an expandable steaming basket (use one with legs) in a pot and add water just until it touches the bottom of the basket. Cover the kettle and bring water to a rolling boil. Add the shrimp and sprinkle with the spices. Steam the shrimp, covered tightly, for 5 minutes or until firm and just cooked through. Serve the shrimp with lemon wedges and a dish of the spices for dipping if desired. Note: If you can't find a prepared spice mix you can make your own. Blend together: 1 tablespoon chili powder 1 tablespoon paprika 1/4 tablespoon cayenne pepper 1 finely ground bay leaf 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon black pepper 1 teaspoon sugar 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander seed
1 cup blanched whole almonds 1 teaspoon unsalted butter 1 teaspoon coarse or fine sea salt	Preheat oven to 350° F. In a baking pan spread almonds in one layer and toast in middle of oven until golden, about 12 minutes. Toss almonds with butter and salt until coated well and butter is melted.
2 teaspoons olive oil 1 1/2 pounds zucchini (about 4 medium), cut diagonally into 1/4-inch-thick slices	Prepare grill. In a metal measure heat oil over low heat until warm. (Heating thins oil, making it easier to thinly coat zucchini.) In a bowl drizzle oil over zucchini, tossing to coat, and season with salt and pepper. Grill zucchini, in batches if necessary, on a lightly oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 2 to 4 minutes on each side, or until lightly charred and just tender.
15 fresh figs, halved 425 g (15 ounces) Demerara (brown) sugar 750 ml (26 fluid ounces) port	1. Preheat the oven to 170°C / 325°F / gas mark 3. 2. Halve each fig lengthways through the stalk. Place the figs in a baking dish and sprinkle evenly with the sugar and port. Bake for about 40 minutes, or until the figs are soft with a good thick syrup.
1 cup dried hibiscus flowers or 10 hibiscus tea bags 1/4 cup sugar or agave syrup 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice	Bring hibiscus, sugar, and 8 cups water to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. If using hibiscus flowers, strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl; discard solids. If using tea bags, discard bags, then transfer mixture to a large bowl. Chill until cold, at least 2 hours. Transfer to a pitcher, pouring slowly so any fine particles remain in bowl. Stir in lemon juice.
3 ounces fresh orange juice 8 ounces chilled champagne	Pour orange juice into a 12-ounce Collins glass, add the champagne and stir gently to mix.
two 1 1/4-inch-thick rib-eye steaks (about 1 3/4 pounds total) 4 teaspoons coarse salt	Pat steaks dry. Sprinkle salt evenly in bottom of a well-seasoned 10-inch cast-iron skillet. Heat skillet over moderately high heat until faint wisps of smoke are visible and fry steaks, shaking skillet after 1 or 2 minutes to loosen them from bottom, 6 minutes. Turn steaks over and fry 5 minutes more for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes before slicing.
1 ounce vodka 1 ounce peach schnapps 4 ounces orange juice	Pour all of the ingredients into a highball glass almost filled with ice cubes. Stir well.
1 1/2 cups fresh orange juice 1 pint vanilla frozen yogurt 1/8 teaspoon orange-flower water (available at specialty food shops and some supermarkets), if desired	In a blender, blend the orange juice, the frozen yogurt, and the orange-flower water until the mixture is smooth and pour the mixture into chilled glasses.
4 nectarines, halved, pitted Melted butter (for brushing) 1 cup coarsely crumbled feta cheese (preferably sheep's-milk feta)	Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Brush nectarines with butter. Grill nectarines, cut side down, until grill marks appear, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn nectarines over. Sprinkle with cheese, then pepper. Grill until grill marks appear on bottoms, 4 to 5 minutes.
3 tablespoons salt 1 1/4 teaspoons Szechuan peppercorns (sometimes called wild pepper)	Combine salt and peppercorns in heavy small skillet over low heat. Cook until aromatic and salt begins to color, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Grind in mortar with pestle or in spice grinder. (Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Store in airtight container.)
2 tablespoons olive oil 2 large bunches mustard greens (about 2 pounds), washed well, spun dry, coarse stems discarded, and leaves cut into 3-inch pieces	In a large heavy skillet heat oil over high heat until hot but not smoking and add greens. Turn greens with tongs until wilted. Sauté greens, turning occasionally, about 5 minutes, or until any liquid is evaporated, and season with salt.
8 ounces blue cheese (such as Maytag), finely crumbled (about 2 cups) 1 16-ounce container sour cream 1/3 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley	Whisk blue cheese crumbles, sour cream, and parsley in medium bowl until well blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to serving bowl. DO AHEAD: Dipping sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.
1 red bell pepper 1 fresh red or green hot chile a 16-ounce container sour cream (about 2 cups)	Quick-roast and peel bell pepper and cut into 1-inch-thick strips. Wearing protective gloves, seed and mince enough of chile to measure 1 teaspoon. In a blender blend roasted pepper, chile, and sour cream until very smooth and season with salt and black pepper. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.
3 tablespoons (1 1/2 ounces) absinthe 1/2 to 3/4 cup (4 to 6 ounces) cold Champagne or sparkling wine	Pour absinthe into Champagne flute. Add Champagne until a milky cloud appears, then serve.
2 1/2 pounds small boiling potatoes 3 tablespoons olive oil 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves	In a large saucepan cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch and simmer potatoes 10 to 15 minutes, or until just tender. Drain potatoes in a colander and cool. Potatoes may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Halve potatoes crosswise. In a 10- to 12-inch non-stick skillet heat 1 1/2 tablespoons oil with 1/2 tablespoon thyme and salt to taste over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and add half of potatoes, cut sides down. Cook potatoes, without stirring, until cut sides are golden and crusty, about 5 minutes, and toss potatoes, shaking skillet, to coat with oil. Transfer cooked potatoes to a serving bowl and cook remaining potatoes with remaining oil and thyme in same manner.
1/2 teaspoon superfine sugar Chilled ale, porter or stout Nutmeg	Put the sugar in a 12-ounce tumbler and add just enough water to dissolve it. Fill with well-chilled ale, porter or stout. No ice is used. Dust the top of the drink with a little nutmeg.
1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar 1 cup cornstarch or potato starch	Sift the ingredients together in a large bowl or combine them in a food processor. I tend to make several cups' worth at a time and store it in an airtight container; it keeps forever.
strawberries with Prosecco, tarragon, salt, and 2 tablespoons sugar Purée mixture in a blender until smooth, then set aside 1 cup purée. Blend remaining mixture with yogurt and sugar to taste. Serve soup drizzled with reserved purée.	
2 cups corn oil or extra-virgin olive oil 1/2 cup achiote seeds (about 3 ounces)	Place the oil and achiote in a small saucepan and heat over medium heat until beginning to bubble. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Strain and discard the seeds.
3 1/2 pounds onions, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices 1/4 cup olive oil 7 celery ribs, cut diagonally into 1/2-inch-thick slices	In a large heavy skillet cook the onions in the oil, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes. Season the onions with salt and pepper and cook them, uncovered, over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes, or until they are tender and beginning to turn golden. Add the celery and cook the mixture, stirring, for 5 minutes, or until the celery is crisp-tender. Serves 6.
1 1/4 lb small Peruvian Blue potatoes, peeled 1/4 cup sour cream 1 oz caviar or salmon or lumpfish roe, drained (2 tablespoons)	Cut potatoes crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Cover with salted cold water by 1 inch, then simmer gently until just tender but not falling apart, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a baking sheet lined with paper towels and spread in 1 layer to cool to room temperature. Season well with salt and pepper and transfer to a large platter. Spoon 1/2 teaspoon sour cream onto center of each potato slice and top with 1/4 teaspoon caviar.
2 1/2-pint containers fresh raspberries 3/4 cup raspberry liqueur	Combine raspberries and liqueur in small bowl. Let soak at room temperature at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours. do ahead Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill.
3 pounds strawberries, stemmed, and quartered if large 3 pounds sugar	Place the strawberries and the sugar in a large, stainless steel kettle. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Shake the pan to blend the ingredients, reduce the heat so the mixture simmers merrily, and continue cooking until the jam jells medium-firm, shaking the pan occasionally, about 40 minutes.Remove from the heat and sterilize according to jar manufacturer's instructions.
1 teaspoon sake, chilled well 2 ounces (2 ponies) vodka, chilled well 1 cucumber ball, cut with a small melon baller	In a martini glass combine the sake and the vodka and garnish with the cucumber ball.
2 tablespoons (1 ounce) mild dark rum, such as Diplomatico, chilled 1 tablespoon (1/2 ounce) Pedro Ximénez sherry, chilled 12 tablespoons (6 ounces) chocolate or regular stout, chilled	In a small, 5-ounce Delmonico glass (the one that holds orange juice at diners), combine rum, sherry, and stout. Serve immediately.
1 1/2 pound broccoli (1 large bunch), tough stems discarded 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1 1/2 ounce finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (3/4 cup)	Cut broccoli into 1 1/2- to 2-inch-wide florets. Peel stem and cut lengthwise into 1/3-inch-wide sticks. Steam broccoli in a steamer rack set over boiling water, covered, until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and toss with oil, cheese, and salt and pepper to taste.
2 1/2 cups chilled whipping cream 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract	Beat whipping cream, sugar and vanilla extract in large bowl until firm peaks form. (Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill.)
1 batch whole wheat pancake and waffle mix 1/2 cup cream cheese, whipped or softened 1/4 cup strawberry preserves	1. Make waffles according to recipe, cooling waffles on a wire rack. 2. Spread one waffles with 1 tablespoon of cream cheese, and another with 1 teaspoon of preserves. 3. Sandwich together. 4. Repeat with remaining waffles.
8 cups whole milk 1 teaspoon salt 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice	Line colander with 4 layers of cheesecloth; set in sink. Bring milk and salt to simmer in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir in lemon juice. Let simmer until curds form, 1 to 2 minutes. Using finely slotted spoon or skimmer, scoop curds from pan and transfer to cheesecloth-lined colander. Let drain 1 minute (curds will still be a little wet). Transfer curds to medium bowl. Cover and chill until cold, about 3 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.
1 1/2 cups Marshmallow Fluff 3 tablespoons water	In a small saucepan heat Marshmallow Fluff and water over moderately low heat, stirring constantly until combined well. Cool sauce. Sauce may be made 4 hours ahead and kept, covered, at room temperature.
8 tablespoons frozen cranberry juice cocktail concentrate, thawed 1 1/3 cups chilled Champagne	Pour 2 tablespoons cranberry concentrate into each of 4 chilled Champagne glasses. Add 1/3 cup Champagne to each glass and serve.
5 zucchini (each 4 inches long; 1 pound total), cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch wedges 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt	Cook zucchini in boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 1 minute. Drain and sprinkle with salt.
2 pints fresh blackberries or 24 ounces frozen unsweetened blackberries, thawed 1 1/4 cups Simple Sugar Syrup	1. Puree the blackberries with 1/4 cup of the sugar syrup in a food processor until smooth. If desired, this mixture can be strained into a bowl to remove the seeds, but it is not necessary. 2. Stir in the remaining sugar syrup, then transfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions.
12 ounces fresh baby spinach 1 tablespoon olive oil Juice of 1/4 lemon	Add spinach to boiling water; cook 1 minute. Drain; wring out. Toss with oil and salt. Add lemon juice; toss again.
6 fresh apricots (about 1 pound) 3/4 cup sugar	Preheat oven to 200°F. and oil a 13 x 9-inch baking pan. Pit apricots and coarsely chop. In a 3-quart heavy saucepan cook apricots and sugar over moderate heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Cook mixture at a bare simmer, stirring frequently, until thickened, about 40 minutes more. In a blender purée mixture until smooth (use caution when blending hot liquids). Transfer purée to baking pan and spread evenly over bottom. Dry purée in middle of oven until it feels drier but slightly tacky, about 1 hour. Cool leather completely in pan on a rack. Peel leather out of pan and roll up in wax paper. Leather keeps, wrapped in plastic wrap, at cool room temperature 1 month.
1 jar Il Mongetto grape mostarda (about 8 oz) 1 cup huckleberries or wild blueberries (thawed if frozen), lightly crushed 1/4 cup fresh pomegranate seeds (optional)	Stir together all ingredients and let stand at room temperature 1 hour for flavors to develop.
1 750-ml bottle of chilled brut Champagne 2 1/2 cups chilled apricot nectar 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur	Mix chilled Champagne, chilled apricot nectar, and Grand Marnier in tall pitcher. Pour into Champagne flutes and serve.
3-ounce piece daikon, cut a into small pieces 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper 1 teaspoon paprika	Pureé daikon in blender with 2 tablespoons water. Strain the mixture and drain 5 minutes. Transfer daikon to small bowl. Whisk in cayenne and paprika.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
1 1/2 medium red apples 5 medium carrots 1 medium orange, peeled	Juice.
a 3-ounce package cream cheese 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh gingerroot thin slices of fruitcake	In a bowl stir together the cream cheese, softened, and the gingerroot and chill the mixture for 30 minutes. Spread the ginger cream cheese on the fruitcake. Makes about 1/2 cup ginger cream cheese.
White Sugar Water	A 1:1 ratio of white sugar and water. For a single recipe, 1 cup of sugar to 1 cup of water should suffice. This can be made by simply mixing the two in a pitcher until the sugar dissolves or by heating in a saucepan. (Heating it will also make it a little thicker.) Bottle and refrigerate.
3 ounces (2 jiggers or about 1/3 cup) Pisco 3 ounces (2 jiggers or about 1/3 cup) sweet-and-sour mix 1 teaspoon powdered egg white (do not reconstitute) or 1 egg white	Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker with crushed ice and shake vigorously until egg white is incorporated. Strain into martini glasses.
2 pounds small red plums (the smaller, the better) 2 cups sugar One 750 ml bottle vodka or other clear flavorless spirit	Combine 2 pounds small red plums (the smaller, the better) and 2 cups sugar in a large jar or crock and add one 750 ml bottle vodka or other clear flavorless spirit. Stir to dissolve sugar and tightly cover. Store in a cool, dark place at least 3 months before using. Plum wine should taste floral and almost Sherry-like, with notes of caramel and raisins.
1 cup sour cream 1 cup heavy cream 1 teaspoon salt	Mix Combine all the ingredients in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and set it out at room temperature for 3 hours.
1 1/4 cups chocolate cookie crumbs (or use 4 ounces chocolate graham crackers, crumbled) 2 tablespoons confectioners' sugar 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted	heat oven to 350°F. in a bowl, combine all ingredients. Press crumb mixture evenly into bottom of a 9" glass pie pan (with a flat-bottomed measuring cup or an empty pie pan). bake 12 minutes. let cool. Add pie filling.
Note: Also great mixed into mashed potatoes. large heads of garlic 1/4 cup olive oil	Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut top 1/4 inch off heads of garlic to expose cloves. Place garlic in small baking dish. Add oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper; toss to coat. Turn garlic cut side up. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until garlic skins are golden brown and cloves are tender, about 55 minutes. Cool. Squeeze garlic cloves from skins.
3 cups kimchi, finely chopped 1/4 cup sugar 1/2 cup cider vinegar	Heat large skillet until very hot. In a bowl, toss half of the kimchi with the sugar and vinegar and add it to the skillet. Cook over high heat until the liquid is thickened and sticky and the kimchi is browned in spots, 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool slightly. Scrape the caramelized kimchi back into to the bowl. Add the uncooked kimchi, then toss and serve.
1 1/2 cups whipping cream 12 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped 2 tablespoons light corn syrup	Bring cream to simmer in large saucepan over low heat. Add chocolate, whisk until smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in corn syrup. Cool glaze until barely lukewarm.
2 cups extra-virgin olive oil 20 whole baby artichokes, dark outer leaves removed, tips cut off	Line platter with paper towels. Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat until deep-fry thermometer registers 350°F. Using tongs, carefully lower 5 artichokes into oil. Cook until golden brown and wooden skewer inserted into center meets slight resistance, turning occasionally, 2 to 5 minutes, depending on size of artichoke. Using tongs, transfer artichokes to lined platter and drain. Repeat with remaining artichokes in 3 more batches. Sprinkle with salt and serve.
1 cup whipping cream 2 teaspoons buttermilk	1. Preparing the cream. Pour the cream into a small saucepan, set over low heat and stir just until the chill is off; do not heat above 100°F (lukewarm). Stir in the buttermilk and pour into a glass jar. 2. Ripening the cream. Set the lid on the jar (but don't tighten it) and place in a warm (80-90°F) spot. Let the cream culture and set for 12 to 24 hours, until noticeably thicker (perhaps almost set like yogurt or sour cream). Stir gently, screw on the lid and refrigerate at least 4 hours to chill and complete the thickening.
3 stalks of lemongrass (available at Asian markets and some specialty produce markets) 2 cups rice vinegar (available at Asian markets and some supermarkets)	Slice thin the bottom 8 inches of the lemongrass stalks, put the sliced lemongrass in a very clean 1-quart glass jar, and bruise it with a wooden spoon. Add the vinegar and let the mixture steep, covered with the lid, in a cool dark place for at least 4 days and up to 2 weeks, depending on the strength desired. Strain the vinegar through a fine sieve into a glass pitcher, discarding the lemongrass slices, pour it into 2 very clean 1/2-pint glass jars, and seal the jars with the lids.
1 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (4 ounces) 2 tablespoons finely chopped unsalted pistachios Special equipment: a large nonstick baking sheet or nonstick baking liner such as silpat (optional)	Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Place silpat on a large baking sheet, or if not using a silpat or nonstick baking sheet, line a large baking sheet with parchment. Put rounded teaspoons of cheese 2 inches apart on baking sheets and spread each into a 1 1/2 inch circle. Sprinkle each round lightly with chopped pistachios (about 1/8 teaspoon for each) and bake until just golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Let crisps cool on sheet 1 minute then transfer to a rack to cool completely. Bake more crisps in same manner on cooled sheet, wiping nonstick or silpat in between batches (if using), or replacing parchment with each new batch.
1 1/2 ounces espresso or 3 ounces very strong coffee, cooled slightly 1 tablespoon sweetened condensed milk 1 1/2 teaspoons simple syrup	Combine espresso, sweetened condensed milk, and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice, cover, and shake vigorously until outside of shaker is very cold and mixture inside is very, very frothy, about 30 seconds. Using a cocktail strainer or slotted spoon to hold back ice while allowing foam and some small ice chips to pass through, pour into an ice-filled glass.
2 cups pure light-grade maple syrup, (Grade A Golden Delicate) A few drops of vegetable oil or butter	Fill a large pot partially with water. Bring to a boil, and note the temperature of the boiling water with a candy thermometer. (Since water boils at different temperatures in different locations, it is important to follow this step.) Set some candy molds into a jelly-roll pan. Set aside. (If using metal or wood molds, lightly grease them.) Empty the large pot and place the syrup in it. Add a few drops of oil. (Boiling maple syrup will foam up; the oil keeps the foam down. Buttering the rim of the pot will also help.) Boil carefully over high heat, without stirring, until the temperature of the boiling syrup is 28°F/17°C above the boiling point of your water (212°F/100°C at sea level). Remove from the heat and let cool for 3 to 5 minutes. Do not stir or disturb the candy at this point; if the thermometer is attached to the pan, leave it there during the cooling period. Stir evenly until the liquid loses its gloss, starts to become opaque, and begins to thicken. (This is the tricky part; if you stir too long the thickened syrup will “set up,” or harden, in the pan. If this happens, add a cup of water, and reheat slowly to dissolve the sugar, then start over. But if you don’t stir long enough, the sugar may not “set up” in the molds at all.) Carefully pour the candy into the molds. It’s helpful to have an assistant spread the syrup in the molds while you continue to pour the mixture into the other molds. Allow the candies to cool, remove from the molds, place on a rack to dry for a few hours, and enjoy.
1 half bottle (12.7 ounces) champagne, chilled 2 jiggers (3 ounces) crème de cassis, or to taste	Pour 1 1/4 cups of champagne into an ice tray and freeze into cubes. Pour crème de cassis into a metal bowl and freeze it until it is very thick. (The crème de cassis will not freeze solid.) The liquids may be prepared up to this point 8 hours in advance. In a blender, blend frozen champagne and 1 cup cracked ice with the crème de cassis, scraping down the sides occasionally, and the remaining champagne until the mixture is smooth but still frozen. Divide mixture between 2 stemmed glasses.
2 ounces gin	Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass and stir well. Strain into a large cocktail glass.
3 sweet onions (such as Vidalia; about 2 1/2 pounds total) 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil or vegetable oil Flaky sea salt	Preheat oven to 300°F. Halve onions through root ends (do not trim tops). Remove outermost papery layers from each onion. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over high. Add oil and swirl to evenly coat skillet. (Oil should shimmer and start to smoke almost immediately.) Add onion halves, cut sides down, nestling them close together. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, undisturbed, until cut sides are blackened, 18–20 minutes. Surfaces will look and smell burnt. Transfer skillet to oven and roast onions until the innermost layers are no longer raw but are still rigid, 10–15 minutes. Remove skillet from oven and transfer onions to a large rimmed baking sheet, placing cut sides up. Let onions cool slightly, then trim papery tops with kitchen shears. Separate layers into individual petals; discard root ends (some center pieces may not curve, which is okay). Arrange petals in a single layer and season with salt.
1 cup black rice 1/2 cup sugar 1 (13 1/2- to 15-oz) can unsweetened coconut milk, stirred well	Bring rice, 3 cups water, and 1/4 teaspoon salt to a boil in a 3- to 4-quart heavy saucepan, then reduce heat to low and simmer, covered with a tight-fitting lid, 45 minutes (rice will be cooked but still wet). Stir in sugar, a scant 1/4 teaspoon salt, and 1 1/2 cups coconut milk and bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until mixture is thick and rice is tender but still slightly chewy, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat and cool to warm or room temperature, stirring occasionally, at least 30 minutes. Just before serving, stir pudding and divide among 8 bowls. Stir remaining coconut milk and drizzle over pudding.
8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped	Line three cookie sheets with waxed paper. Trace one 8-inch round on each, using cake pan bottom as aid. Invert paper. Melt chocolate in top of double boiler over simmering water, stirring until smooth. Remove pan from heat. Spoon 2 1/2 tablespoons chocolate into center of each of 2 traced circles. Spread with spatula to fill circles completely. Spoon remaining chocolate into parchment cone or small pastry bag fitted with fine round tip. Pipe chocolate around traced border of third circle. Pipe chocolate inside circle in thick lacy design, making certain design touches border. Fill in three areas of design with chocolate, if desired. Pipe more chocolate atop pattern to form double thick lace. Freeze disks and lace until firm, about 1 hour (chocolate may curl slightly). (Can be prepared 3 days ahead. Cover tightly.) Remove 1 chocolate disk from freezer and invert onto piece of waxed paper. Gently peel top paper off chocolate. Return disk to freezer. Repeat with second disk and chocolate lace. Freeze disks and lace until ready to use.
3 bunches chives 1 1/2 cups grapeseed or vegetable oil	Set a coffee filter in a sieve set over a heatproof measuring cup or bowl. Purée chives and oil in a blender until well blended. Transfer to a small saucepan and cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until mixture is sizzling, about 3 minutes. Remove chive oil from heat and strain though prepared sieve (do not press on solids or oil will be cloudy); let cool. DO AHEAD: Chive oil can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.
1/2 pound seedless red or green grapes 2 cups chilled still water	1. Cut the grapes in half and divide into two equal parts. Puree half of the grapes with 1/2 cup of the water in a blender until smooth, for about 30 seconds. 2. Pour the rest of the water into a pitcher. Strain the pureed grape mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into the pitcher, and stir well. 3. Place the remaining grape halves in the wells of standard ice cube trays. Fill the trays with the grape-water mixture and freeze.
1 teaspoon cuminseed	In a dry small heavy skillet toast the cuminseed over moderate heat, swirling the skillet, for 3 or 4 minutes, or until it turns several shades darker and begins to pop. In a spice or coffee grinder pulverize the seeds.
12 whole regular or cinnamon-coated graham crackers, broken in half, or 24 wheatmeal biscuits or 24 chocolate wafer cookies 6 3.5-ounce imported filled chocolate bars, broken into pieces 12 large marshmallows	Place 2 cracker halves or 2 cookies on each of 12 plates. Top 1 on each plate with chocolate pieces in single layer. Skewer 1 marshmallow onto each of 12 skewers. Cook marshmallows directly over fire or gas flame until toasted to desired doneness. Using fork, push 1 marshmallow onto each chocolate layer. Press second cracker half or cookie onto each hot marshmallow to form sandwich.
2 1/2 cups water 2 3.16-ounce disks Mexican chocolate (such as Ibarra), chopped (about 1 cup) 2 tablespoons whipping cream	Bring water and chocolate to simmer in medium saucepan, stirring until chocolate dissolves. Transfer to Mexican chocolate pot or blender. If using pot, whip mixture by vigorously rolling handle of molinillo between palms. If using blender, blend until frothy. Mix in cream. Divide among 4 mugs.
5 slices sandwich bread (Pepperidge Farm white bread is best) mayonnaise as needed 1 small Vidalia or sweet onion, thinly sliced	1. Preheat the broiler. 2. Toast the bread lightly in a toaster oven. Remove the crusts. Cut the slices with a 2-inch round biscuit cutter and spread the rounds lightly with mayonnaise. Put a slice of onion on top of each piece and spread with mayonnaise again. Broil until golden brown. Serve hot.
2 quarts turkey or chicken stock or canned low-sodium chicken broth Neck, heart, and gizzard reserved from turkey	In large stock pot over high heat, combine stock, neck, heart, and gizzard. Bring to boil, then lower heat to moderately low and simmer, uncovered, 20 minutes. Strain through fine-mesh sieve, pressing on solids to extract all liquid. Discard solids. (Stock can be made up to 3 days ahead and refrigerated until ready to use.)
6 to 8 oz apple cider or juice 1 oz dark rum (2 tablespoons) Garnish: thinly sliced apples	Heat cider until hot and pour into a mug. Stir in rum.
2 pounds Concord grapes (about 2 quarts), stemmed, divided 3/4 cup superfine granulated sugar Equipment: an ice cream maker	Purée half of grapes in a blender until smooth, then force through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids. Repeat with remaining grapes to yield 3 cups purée. Whisk in sugar until dissolved. Chill until very cold, 3 to 6 hours. Freeze in ice cream maker, then transfer to an airtight container and put in freezer to firm up, at least 2 hours.
2 cups water 4 cups grated fresh coconut	In a 2- to 2 1/2-quart saucepan bring water to a boil and add coconut. Cook coconut over moderately high heat 2 minutes and remove pan from heat. Let mixture stand, covered, 10 minutes. In a food processor or blender blend coconut mixture until very thick. In a fine sieve set over a bowl strain coconut mixture, pressing hard on solids. Working over bowl, squeeze small handfuls of solids to extract as much milk as possible. Coconut milk keeps, covered and chilled, 3 days or frozen in an airtight container 6 months.
3 pounds fresh yuca, peeled and cut into 3-inch sections (about 2 pounds trimmed weight), or 2 pounds frozen yuca 1 tablespoon salt	Place the yuca, 3 quarts water, and salt in a 4-quart saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and cook at a gentle boil until either fork-tender (Paraguayan style), about 25 minutes, or very tender (Cuban style), 30 to 40 minutes. Drain, quickly removing the spindles, and serve at once; or keep warm in the cooking water over very low heat until ready to serve. Douse with a table sauce if you wish, and serve piping hot.
4 candied rose petals 1 1/2 teaspoons Shakers Rose Vodka 2/3 cup rosé Champagne, chilled	Place candied rose petals in a Champagne flute. Add rose vodka and Champagne.
1 pound orzo (rice-shaped pasta) 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves	Bring a 6-quart saucepan of salted water to a boil and cook orzo until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain orzo well and in a large bowl toss with oil, rosemary, and salt and pepper to taste.
3 cups raw cashews, soaked for 10 to 12 hours in filtered water and drained 1/2 cup Rejuvelac 1/2 teaspoon Celtic sea salt	In a high-speed blender or a Champion juicer with the blank plate in place, process the cashews until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the Rejuvelac and salt, mixing well. Line a sieve with a double thickness of cheesecloth and place over a bowl. Transfer the mixture to the sieve, drape the cheesecloth over the top, and leave in a warm place to ripen for 12 hours. Remove the cheese from the cloth-lined sieve. Shape the mixture into a round, place in a covered container, and refrigerate for at least 24 hours, or until it firms up. Use immediately, or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.
1/3 cup sugar 4 teaspoons ground turmeric	Bring sugar, turmeric, and 2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium-low heat and cook, swirling pan occasionally, until liquid is reduced by about half, 25–30 minutes. Let dye cool before mixing into frosting or royal icing to make desired color.
1 jigger (1 1/2 ounces) vodka 1 pony (1 ounce) blue curaçao 1/3 cup lemonade	In a long-stemmed glass filled with ice cubes, stir together vodka, curaçao, and lemonade.
a 6-ounce can tuna in olive oil (not drained) 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar 1 California avocado	Drain oil from tuna can into a small bowl and whisk in vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. In a bowl combine tuna and half of dressing, keeping tuna in large chunks. Halve and pit avocado and season with salt and pepper. Fill avocado halves with tuna and drizzle with remaining dressing.
1 1/2 cups coarsely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (4 to 5 ounces; do not use a food processor) 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour Equipment: a nonstick baking pad such as Silpat	Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Line a large baking sheet with nonstick pad. Stir together cheese and flour. Make 4 mounds (about 1 1/2 tablespoons each) about 5 inches apart on baking sheet and spread each mound to form a 4- to 5-inch round. Bake until pale golden, about 10 minutes. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet on a rack, then carefully transfer each wafer (they are very delicate) with a wide metal spatula to rack to cool completely. Stir cheese in bowl (to redistribute flour) and make 4 more wafers in same manner.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 garlic cloves 1 cup olive oil 3 cups 1/4-inch cubes day-old bread	Halve garlic cloves. In a 12-inch skillet heat oil with garlic over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook bread, stirring, until golden, about 5 minutes. With a slotted spoon transfer croutons to paper towels to drain and discard garlic. Season croutons with salt. Croutons keep in an airtight container at room temperature 1 week.
10 cups cold water 2 family-size or 8 regular black tea bags 3/4 cup sugar	Boil 3 cups of the water, then add the tea bags; continue boiling for 1 minute. Cover and set aside to steep for about 15 minutes. Remove and discard the tea bags. Add sugar, stirring to dissolve. Pour the tea mixture into a 1-gallon container, then add the remaining 7 cups cold water. Stir to combine.
1/2 cup agave nectar 2 egg whites	In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring the agave nectar to a boil, stirring frequently. Decrease the heat to low and simmer for 4 to 8 minutes, watching constantly and stirring occasionally, until the agave nectar darkens slightly from its original amber color. In a large bowl, using a handheld mixer, whip the egg whites to stiff peaks. Drizzle the agave nectar slowly into the egg whites, whisking continuously until blended. Use to frost cakes or cupcakes, or as a filling between cookies. Store in a glass Mason jar in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours.
1 1/2 cups chilled cranberry juice 3/4 cup crème de cassis (black currant-flavored liqueur) 1 750-ml bottle chilled dry champagne or sparkling wine	Place 2 tablespoons cranberry juice and 1 tablespoon crème de cassis in each of 12 champagne flutes. Pour 1/4 cup champagne into each and serve.
2 to 3 ounces light rum 3/4 ounce apricot brandy 3 or 4 ice cubes	Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass.
1/2 cup heavy cream (not ultra-pasteurized) 1/2 cup sour cream	1. Whisk the heavy cream and the sour cream together in a small bowl. 2. Pour the mixture into a jar, cover and let stand in a warm place for 12 hours. Then stir and refrigerate for 24 hours. Serve.
3 pounds meaty veal, lamb or pork bones, depending on which you are making, fat trimmed	For the beef, veal, lamb, or pork stock: Heat a heavy kettle or stockpot over medium heat. Add the meat and the bones of whichever meat you are using and cook until well browned all over, turning them now and then. (For the beef stock, add the carrots after meat begins to brown.) Then add 2 gallons of water to the pot, plus all the stock seasonings. Bring to a light boil, then lower to a bare simmer. Cook for 2-3 hours.
about 3 cups vegetable oil 1/2 cup loosely packed fresh sage leaves coarse salt to taste	In a heavy saucepan heat 1 inch oil to 365°F. on a deep-fat thermometer. Working quickly, fry sage leaves, 5 at a time, 2 seconds, transferring with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Immediately sprinkle sage leaves with coarse salt.
8 ounces bittersweet (not unsweetened) or semisweet chocolate, chopped 40 assorted sizes of camellia leaves or lemon leaves, wiped clean Gold dust* (optional)	Line large baking sheet with foil. Melt chocolate in top of double boiler over simmering water, stirring until smooth and instant-read thermometer inserted into chocolate registers 115°F. Brush chocolate over veined side (underside) of 1 leaf, coating thickly and completely. Arrange chocolate side up on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining leaves and chocolate, rewarming chocolate if necessary to maintain 115°F temperature. Chill leaves until firm, about 45 minutes. Starting at stem end, carefully pull back green leaf, releasing chocolate leaf; return leaves to same baking sheet. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled.) Using small artist brush, carefully brush some leaves with gold dust, if desired.
1 ice cube 2 ounces brandy 6 ounces chilled champagne	Place the ice cube in a 10-ounce wineglass or goblet, add the brandy and champagne.
a trimmed 3- to 3 1/2-pound fillet of beef, tied, at room temperature parsley sprigs for garnish if desired cucumber horseradish sauce andcurried yogurt sauce as accompaniments	Preheat the oven to 500°F. Pat dry the fillet and season it with salt and pepper. In an oiled roasting pan roast the fillet in the middle of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a meat thermometer registers 130°F for medium-rare meat, and let it cool to room temperature. The fillet may be roasted 2 days in advance and kept wrapped and chilled. Slice the fillet crosswise, arrange it on a cutting board or platter, and garnish it with the parsley. Serve the beef with the sauces.
Using electric mixer, beat 3 1/4 cups powdered sugar and egg whites until thick and shiny, adding more powdered sugar by tablespoonfuls if mixture is too thin to spread, about 3 minutes. Add lemon juice. Divide icing into portions, if desired, and add different food coloring to each. Cover until ready to use.	N/A N/A
8 1/2 cups/2L buttermilk	Preheat the oven to 150°F/65°C. Pour the buttermilk into a baking dish and cover tightly with aluminum foil or a lid. Place the baking dish in the oven and bake for 8 to 12 hours. When the buttermilk is ready to drain, the solids will have separated from the whey, either in soft clumps or in one lightly set uniform mass.
3 quarts firm, ripe strawberries 6 pounds sugar juice of large lemon	Hull, wash and drain the strawberries. Place 1/4 of the berries and 1/4 of the sugar in a large pot, and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the sugar dissolves. Add remaining berries, sugar and the lemon juice and bring to a boil, stirring frequently so that the sugar does not burn. Cook at a rolling boil for 12 minutes, remove from the heat and skim carefully. Pour juice and berries in a single layer into shallow pans, cover each with a pane of glass and insert a small paper wedge under the glass on each pan to allow air to circulate. Stand pans in the sun for 3 days, or until liquid thickens. Stir twice daily. Pour into hot, sterilized jelly glasses and cover with a thin layer of melted paraffin. When the paraffin has hardened, cover the glasses and store. (If you do not have 3 consecutive days of hot sun, the juices will take longer to thicken but the end result will be the same.)
16 1-inch-thick lamb rib chops (about 3 1/4 pounds), frenched, if desired 2 tablespoons olive oil 1/2 cup Béarnaise Butter	Sprinkle lamb chops with salt and pepper. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Working in 2 batches, sauté lamb chops until browned on both sides and cooked to medium-rare, about 2 1/2 minutes per side. Transfer to platter and tent with foil to keep warm. Arrange 2 chops on each of 8 plates. Top each chop with rounded teaspoonful Béarnaise Butter and serve.
3 1/2 cups fresh tangerine juice (from about 15 tangerines) 3/4 cup superfine sugar	In a bowl stir together juice and sugar until sugar is dissolved. Chill juice, covered, until cold, about 3 hours. Freeze juice in an ice-cream maker. Sorbet may be made 1 week ahead.
24 prosciutto slices 2 persimmons, halved, each half sliced crosswise Extra-virgin olive oil	Divide prosciutto slices among 8 plates. Arrange persimmon slices decoratively atop prosciutto. (Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover with plastic wrap and chill.) Drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with freshly ground pepper, and serve.
1 ounce vodka 1 ounce Cointreau or triple sec 1/2 ounce lemon juice	In a shaker half-filled with ice cubes, combine all of the ingredients. Shake well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
2 tablespoons finely chopped drained oil-packed Calabrian chiles 1/2 cup olive oil Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper	Combine chiles and oil in an airtight container; season with salt and pepper. Cover and chill at least 1 hour. DO AHEAD: Chile oil can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled.
1 cube sugar 2 ounces brandy Lemon peel	Put sugar in a mug or small tumbler and add enough water to dissolve. Add the brandy, fill with boiling water, and stir. Garnish with lemon peel.
2 ounces dark rum 1 tablespoon molasses 1 cup crushed ice	Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously. Strain into a cocktail glass.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
3 cups short-grain sushi rice 3 cups water	Put rice in a bowl and wash in several changes of cold water until water is clear. Drain in a sieve 15 minutes. Soak rice in water (3 cups) in a 4-quart heavy pot 30 minutes. Cover pot with lid and bring rice just to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low and cook, covered, until water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes (avoid lifting lid). Remove from heat; let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Stir gently with a heatproof rubber spatula, folding from top to bottom of pot.
2 ounces good-quality white chocolate (such as Lindt or Baker's), chopped 2 tablespoons plus 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream	Combine chopped white chocolate and 2 tablespoons whipping cream in small metal bowl. Set over small saucepan of simmering water and stir until white chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Remove bowl from over water. Cool white chocolate mixture 10 minutes. Beat remaining 1/2 cup chilled whipping cream in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Whisk in white chocolate mixture. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
1 large whole chicken (4 to 5 pounds) 3 tablespoons Memphis Rub* or your favorite dry barbecue rub 1 can (12 ounces) beer	1. Remove and discard the fat just inside the body cavities of the chicken. Remove the package of giblets, and set aside for another use. Rinse the chicken, inside and out, under cold running water, then drain and blot dry, inside and out, with paper towels. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the rub inside the body and neck cavities, the rub another 1 tablespoon all over the skin of the bird. If you wish, rub another 1/2 tablespoon of the mixture between the flesh and the skin. Cover and refrigerate the chicken while you preheat the grill. 2. Set up the grill for indirect grilling** placing a drip pan in the center. If using a charcoal grill, preheat it to medium. If using a gas grill, place all the wood chips in the smoker box and preheat the grill to high; then, when smoke appears, lower the heat to medium. 3. Pop the tab on the beer can. Using a "church key" style can opener, make 6 or 7 holes in the top of the can. Pour out the top inch of beer, then spoon the remaining dry rub through the holes into the beer. Holding the chicken upright, with the opening of the body cavity down, insert the beer can into the cavity. 4. When ready to cook, if using charcoal, toss half the wood chips on the coals. Oil the grill grate. Stand the chicken up in the center of the hot grate, over the drip pan. Spread out the legs to form a sort of tripod, to support the bird. 5. Cover the grill and cook the chicken until fall-off-the-bone tender, 2 hours. If using charcoal, add 10 to 12 fresh coals per side and the remaining wood chips after 1 hour. 6. Using tongs, lift the bird to a cutting board or platter, holding the metal spatula underneath the beer can for support. (Have the board or platter right next to the bird to make the move shorter. Be careful not to spill hot beer on yourself.) Let stand for 5 minutes before carving the meat off the upright carcass. (Toss the beer can out along with the carcass.)
Vegetable Stock (32-ounce carton, preferably low sodium or nonfat) 2 tablespoons cornstarch	1. Stir 1/2 cup vegetable stock (use a 32-ounce carton and look for a nonfat variety, preferably one low in sodium) with 2 tablespoons cornstarch in a measuring cup until blended (no clumps). 2. Bring 28 ounces leftover stock to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat to a simmer and slowly whisk in stock-cornstarch mixture. Stir stock rapidly as it thickens. 3. Stir until stock is the consistency of olive oil. (It should cling to the back of a spoon.) Cool to room temperature, skim off and discard any film on top. Makes 18 ounces thickened stock
1/2 ounce crème de cacao 1/2 ounce brandy 1/2 ounce heavy cream	Pour in the order listed so that each ingredient floats on top of the one before it. Chill before serving.
3 cups water 1 teaspoon salt 1 1/2 cups short-grain rice (such as sushi rice)	Bring water to boil in small saucepan. Stir in salt and rice; bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer until water is absorbed and rice is tender, about 17 minutes. Remove pan from heat.
3 medium beets (about 1 1/2 pounds) 8 umeboshi (Japanese pickled plums) 2–3 tablespoons umeboshi vinegar or unseasoned rice vinegar	Preheat oven to 475°F. Wrap beets in foil; place on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until tender, 1–1 1/4 hours. Unwrap; let cool slightly. Remove skin, then cut beets into wedges. Place in a small bowl, add umeboshi and vinegar, and toss to coat. DO AHEAD: Beets can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill.
1/2 prepared Basic Butter Cookie Dough 2/3 cup apricot jam	Preheat oven to 350°F. Halve dough and reserve one half, covered and chilled. Roll out remaining dough between sheets of wax paper into an approximately 10-inch square, about 1/8 inch thick, and freeze or chill on a baking sheet until firm about 15 minutes. With a 1 1/2- to 2-inch star-shaped cookie cutter cut out stars, arranging them about 1 inch apart on baking sheets and gathering scraps to reroll and cut for a total of 60 stars. If dough becomes too soft to work with, refreeze or chill uncut dough until firm. Bake cookies in batches in middle of oven until pale golden, about 8 minutes, and transfer carefully to racks to cool. Roll out, chill or freeze if necessary, and cut out reserved dough in same manner into about 60 more stars. With a smaller star or round cutter cut and lift out centers of second batch of stars. Bake second batch of cookies in middle of oven until pale golden, about 8 minutes, and transfer carefully to racks and cool. In a small saucepan simmer jam, stirring, 2 minutes, and strain through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. On a tray or work surface, arrange whole stars, bottom sides up. Drop 1/4 teaspoon jam on each cookie, spreading almost to edges, and top with a cut-out star. Any remaining jam can be spooned into centers. Let cookies stand until set. Cookies may be stored between layers of wax paper in airtight containers up to 6 weeks frozen.
1 cup sugar 1 cup water	Stir sugar and water in medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 3 minutes. Cool. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 weeks ahead. Refrigerate in airtight container.
1 cup sugar 1 cup water	Stir sugar and water in medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 3 minutes. Cool. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 weeks ahead. Refrigerate in airtight container.
1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise 1 cup superfine granulated sugar	Bury vanilla bean in sugar in a sealable container and let stand at least 2 days to allow vanilla to infuse sugar with its flavor.
2 large bunches broccoli rabe (rapini), thick stems trimmed 1/2 cup water 1/3 cup (about) parsley butter reserved from Campanelle Pasta with Parsley Butter	Combine broccoli rabe and 1/2 cup water in large pot. Sprinkle with salt. Bring to simmer over medium-high heat. Cover and simmer until broccoli rabe wilts, about 3 minutes. Uncover and simmer until broccoli rabe is tender and water evaporates, about 4 minutes. Add parsley butter to pot and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Place in bowl and serve immediately.
4 large long russet potatoes (about 14 ounces each) 2/3 cup olive oil	Preheat oven to 400°F. Rinse potatoes thoroughly with cold water; wipe dry. Cut each potato lengthwise into quarters. Combine potatoes and olive oil in large bowl; toss to coat will. Arrange potato quarters, 1 flat side down, on baking sheet. Bake 30 minutes. Using metal spatula, turn potatoes onto second flat side. Continue to bake until potatoes are tender and deep brown, about 30 minutes longer. Season potatoes with salt and pepper. Serve hot.
2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 2-inch chunks 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil a potato ricer or food mill	Cover potatoes with cold water in a pot and add 2 teaspoons salt. Boil, partially covered, until tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water and drain potatoes. Heat oil in pot over medium heat and remove from heat. Force potatoes through ricer into oil in pot. Stir in cooking water, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and salt to taste.
a 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes in puree (preferably Italian; about 3 1/2 cups) 3 tablespoons olive oil	In a large non-reactive saucepan bring tomatoes and oil to a simmer and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes, or until sauce is reduces to about 2 1/2 cups. Season sauce with salt and cool to room temperature. (Sauce keeps, covered and chilled, 5 days.)
7 to 8 ounces Boston lettuce (2 heads), torn into bite-size pieces 1/2 pound Bibb lettuce (2 heads), large leaves torn into bite-size pieces 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil	Combine lettuces in a large bowl. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt, then drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Serve immediately.
2/3 cup mayonnaise 2 tablespoons black olive paste or tapenade 1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice	Stir together all ingredients. Chill, covered, 1 hour (for flavors to develop).
1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, cut into pieces	Line a sieve with 3 layers of cheesecloth and set over a jar. Bring butter to a boil in a small heavy saucepan over medium heat. Once foam completely covers butter, reduce heat to very low and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until a thin crust begins to form on surface and milky white solids fall to bottom of pan, about 8 minutes. Continue to cook butter, watching closely and stirring occasionally to prevent burning, until milk solids on bottom of pan are light brown and liquid is golden, translucent, and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and strain through cheesecloth-lined sieve into jar.
Ingredients for basic butter cookies 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh lemon zest	Follow recipe for basic butter cookies, mixing in lemon juice and zest after adding flour.
1 10-ounce package frozen raspberries in syrup, thawed 2 teaspoons sugar	Purée raspberries with syrup and sugar in processor. Strain mixture (discard solids). Chill until cold, at least 2 hours.
1 1/2 cups sugar 1/3 cup bourbon	In a dry large deep heavy skillet cook the sugar over moderately high heat, stirring constantly with a fork, until it is melted completely and a deep golden caramel. Remove the skillet form the heat, into the side of the skillet carefully pour 1/2 cup hot water, a little at a time, and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, until the caramel is dissolved. Add the bourbon and simmer the sauce for 2 minutes. Remove the skillet form the heat, let the sauce cool slightly, and pour it into a heatproof pitcher. The sauce will thicken as it cools. To return the sauce to a liquid state set the pitcher in a saucepan of barely simmering water and stir the sauce until it reaches the desired consistency. Serve the sauce warm over ice cream.
3 1/2 pound calabaza (Caribbean pumpkin; often sold in large wedges) or butternut squash 3 tablespoons olive oil Accompaniment: lime wedges	Preheat oven to 475°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Seed and peel calabaza, then cut into 3/4-inch-wide pieces (about 3 inches long). Toss with oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 3/4 teaspoon pepper, then divide between 2 large shallow heavy baking pans, spreading in 1 layer. Roast calabaza, switching position of pans and turning calabaza over halfway through cooking, until tender and starting to caramelize, 35 to 45 minutes.
8 to 9 oz dried egg fettuccine 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter, cut into pieces 1 1/2 oz finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (3/4 cup)	Boil fettuccine in a 6- to 8-quart pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Reserve 1/4 cup pasta water, then drain pasta in a colander and transfer to a heated large serving bowl. Immediately toss with butter and reserved pasta water until butter is melted. Add cheese and toss to coat. Grind pepper on top before serving.
2/3 cup water 2/3 cup sugar 2/3 cup medium-dry Sherry	Bring all ingredients to a boil in a small heavy saucepan, stirring until sugar has dissolved. Cool completely.
1 cup mayonnaise 3 tablespoons chipotles en adobo, finely chopped, including the sauce 1 tablespoon lime juice	Mix together all the ingredients. If you'd like to thin the sauce for drizzling, add a little water to the mixture.
two 10-ounce packages frozen petits pois (tiny peas) 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened the zest of 1 lemon, removed with a vegetable peeler and cut into fine julienne strips	In a large saucepan bring 1 cup unsalted water to a boil, add the peas, and return the water to a boil, separating the peas with a fork. Simmer the peas, covered, for 3 to 4 minutes, or until they are heated through, and drain them well. Toss the peas with the butter and salt and pepper to taste, transfer them to a heated serving dish, and sprinkle them with the zest.
1/2 cup slivered almonds 1/4 cup olive oil 1/2 tsp kosher salt	Purée almonds, oil, salt, and 1/2 cup water in a high-powered blender on high speed until thick, light, and smooth, about 3 minutes.
1/2 lb coarsely grated mozzarella (2 cups) 1/4 cup well-stirred prepared pesto 1/4 cup finely chopped drained oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes	Stir together all ingredients in a bowl until combined well.
2 tablespoons basil lime syrup Sparkling water Garnish: basil sprig	Pour syrup into an ice-filled tall glass and top off with sparkling water. Stir, then garnish with a basil sprig.
3 cups fresh raspberries, divided 6 tablespoons sugar, divided 2 pounds ripe peaches, unpeeled, halved, pitted, cut into 1/3-inch-thick slices	Using fork, crush 1 cup raspberries with 2 tablespoons sugar in small bowl. Let stand at room temperature 1 hour. Toss peaches with 4 tablespoons sugar in large bowl. Let stand at room temperature 30 minutes, tossing occasionally. Press raspberry-sugar mixture through fine strainer set over bowl. Add 2 cups raspberries to strained puree; toss. Stir raspberry mixture into peaches. (Can be made 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill.)
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
2 1/2 pound Swiss chard, washed well, the coarse stems removed and chopped coarse, and the leaves chopped coarse separately 1 red bell pepper, roasted and chopped coarse 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil	To roast peppers: Using a long-handled fork char the peppers over an open flame, turning them, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the skins are blackened. (Or broil the peppers on the rack of a broiler pan under a preheated broiler about 2 inches from the heat, turning them every 5 minutes, for 15 to 25 minutes, or until the skins are blistered and charred.) Transfer the peppers to a bowl and let them steam, covered, until they are cool enough to handle. Peel them starting at the blossom end, cut off the tops, and discard the seeds and ribs. In a kettle cook the chard stems in about 1/2 cup water, covered, over high heat for 5 minutes, add the chard leaves, and cook the chard, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Drain the chard well and in a bowl toss it with the roasted pepper, the oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Reserve 1 1/2 cups of the chard mixture, covered and chilled,, for making the cod cannelloni.
1 1/2 pounds carrots 3 large seedless cucumbers, scored if desired 2 1/2 cups Minted Yogurt Sauce	Cut the carrots lengthwise into 1/4-inch slices using the corrugated blade on a mandoline or with a very sharp knife and in a large bowl of ice and cold water let them soak for 1 to 2 hours, or until they are curled. Halve the cucumbers crosswise cut them lengthwise into eighths, and chill them in another large bowl of ice and cold water for 15 minutes. Drain the vegetables, arrange them decoratively in a serving bowl filled with ice, and serve them with the sauce.
12 garlic cloves, peeled 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided 3 6-ounce bags fresh spinach	Preheat oven to 400°F. Place garlic on foil; drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil. Wrap garlic in foil; roast until soft, about 20 minutes. Heat remaining 3 tablespoons oil in large pot over medium-high heat. Add spinach and garlic with oil from foil packet. Sauté until spinach is wilted, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer spinach to bowl and serve.
Clean canning jars with lids	20 Minutes Before Processing Partially fill a boiling-water canner with hot water. Place in the canner a sufficient number of clean canning jars to hold the quantity of food prepared by the recipe. Cover and bring the water to a boil over high heat. This step generally requires 15 to 20 minutes, depending on the size of your canner.
2 cups sugar 2 cups water	Place the sugar and water in a pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer gently until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Cool syrup to room temperature. Use immediately or refrigerate indefinitely in a covered container until needed.
3/4 ounces Cointreau 3/4 ounces brandy 3/4 ounces lemon juice	In mixing glass or shaker filled with ice, combine Cointreau, brandy, and lemon juice, and shake vigorously. Wet rim of a 3- to 4-ounce cocktail glass and place on a lightly sugared plate. Strain liquor into the glass and serve.
3 (1/2-inch-thick) slices whole-grain bread 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil Sea salt to taste	Preheat oven to 350°F. Cut bread into cubes, then grind to crumbs in a food processor. Spread in a shallow baking pan and bake in middle of oven, stirring occasionally, until golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Pour crumbs into a bowl and stir in oil and salt.
Food-Processor Pasta Dough , rolled out all-purpose flour for tossing	Attach ribbon-pasta cutters to pasta machine and attach handle to thinnest cutter. Line a tray with a dry kitchen towel. Feed first rolled out pasta sheet, which will have dried out slightly but will still be soft, through cutter and toss generously with flour. Form pasta loosely into nest and arrange on kitchen-towel-lined tray. Make more taglierini with remaining dough in same manner. Taglierini may be made 1 day ahead and chilled on towel-lined tray, covered loosely with plastic wrap.
1/2 cup whole milk Seltzer 4 tablespoons Chocolate Syrup	Pour the milk into a very cold 12-ounce glass. Slowly pour in the seltzer, then gently add the syrup. Using a long spoon, stir well and serve.
Spinach Matzo Balls Tomato Matzo Balls Turmeric Matzo Balls	Prepare Spinach Matzo Balls , Tomato Matzo Balls , and Turmeric Matzo Balls . Include one of each flavor of matzo ball per serving.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
3/4 pound haricots verts (French-style thin green beans, available at specialty produce markets) or green beans, trimmed	In a steamer set over a saucepan of boiling water steam the beans, covered, for 3 to 6 minutes, or until they are just tender.
About 1 1/2 pounds ripe but firm sour cherries 6 tablespoons sugar About 2 cups eau-de-vie, such as kirsch	Pack a clean, sterile quart-sized jar with a sterile lid with the cherries. Add the sugar and fill the jar with the eau-de-vie, leaving about 1/2 inch of headspace. Screw the lid on firmly and shake it well to dissolve the sugar. Store the jar in a cool, dark place for at least 4 weeks before use, shaking it occasionally. The flavor will continue to strengthen over several more months. Once you open the jar, store any remainders in the refrigerator.
1 1/2 cups coarsely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano (4 to 5 oz; do not use a food processor) 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour Special equipment: a nonstick baking pad such as Silpat*	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat to 350°F. Line a large baking sheet with nonstick pad. Stir together cheese and flour in a bowl. Make 4 mounds (about 3 tablespoons each) about 5 inches apart on baking sheet and spread each mound to form a 4- to 5-inch round. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet on a rack, then carefully transfer each wafer (they are very delicate) with a wide metal spatula to rack to cool completely. Stir cheese in bowl (to redistribute flour) and make 4 more wafers in same manner.
1 cup sugar 1 cup water	Stir sugar and water in medium saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 3 minutes. Cool. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 weeks ahead. Refrigerate in airtight container.
3 large fennel bulbs, trimmed, thinly sliced 9 tablespoons all purpose flour 3/4 cup vegetable oil	Preaheat oven to 200°F. Line baking sheet with paper towels. Place 1/3 of fennel in large bowl. Add 3 tablespoons flour and toss to coat. Heat 1/4 cup oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add fennel and fry until golden brown, turning with tongs, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer fennel to paper towels; drain. Keep warm in oven. Repeat with remaining fennel, flour and oil in 2 more batches. Season with salt and pepper.
2 dried chipotle peppers* 1/2 cup peanut or vegetable oil *available at Hispanic markets and some specialty foods shops	Preheat oven to 300°F. Wearing rubber gloves, remove seeds from peppers and reserve 1/4 teaspoon seeds. Crumble peppers into 1-cup metal measure or very small metal bowl and add reserved seeds and oil. Set measuring cup or bowl on a baking sheet and cook in lower third of oven 1 hour. Cool on a rack 30 minutes. Line a small strainer with several layers of cheesecloth and strain oil into a glass jar. Flavored oil keeps, covered loosely and refrigerated at all times, 1 month.
1 4-pound chicken 1 quart buttermilk	Remove giblets from chicken. Place chicken in heavy large plastic bag. Pour buttermilk into bag. Seal bag. Turn to coat chicken. Refrigerate 1 to 2 days, turning occasionally. Position rack in lowest 1/3 of oven and preheat to 400°F. Place rack on baking sheet. Remove chicken from buttermilk marinade and place on rack breast side up. Season with salt and pepper. Roast until juices from thigh run clear when pierced with a small knife, covering loosely with foil toward the end if browning too quickly, approximately 1 hour. Let chicken stand 10 minutes before serving.
3/4 well chilled heavy cream 3 cups freshly brewed strong coffee, chilled well 3 pints vanilla ice cream, softened slightly	In a chilled bowl beat the cream until it holds soft peaks. Divide the coffee among six 12-ounce tumblers, top it with the ice cream, and garnish each serving with a large dollop of the whipped cream.
3 pound (2- to 4-inch-long) fingerling potatoes, scrubbed well 1/3 cup dry white wine 2 tablespoons olive oil	Peel potatoes, putting them in a bowl of cold water as peeled to prevent discoloration. Drain potatoes, then steam in a steamer set over boiling water, covered, until tender, 18 to 20 minutes. Toss hot potatoes with wine in a large bowl, then add oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and toss again. Cool to room temperature.
4 large plum tomatoes (1 pound), trimmed and halved lengthwise 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon black pepper	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Arrange tomatoes, cut sides up, in 1 layer in an 8- to 9-inch glass baking dish and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until skins are wrinkled and beginning to brown, about 50 minutes. Keep warm, covered with foil, until ready to serve.
1 1/2 cups sugar 1 1/2 cups water	Stir sugar and water in heavy large saucepan over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil 3 minutes. Cool syrup, then cover and chill until cold, about 2 hours. (Will keep up to a month in the refrigerator.)
2 cups finely chopped fruitcake 1 1/2 quarts coffee ice cream, softened slightly	Line a metal loaf pan, 9 by 5 by 3 inches, with plastic wrap, leaving a 3-inch overhang on all sides. In a bowl stir together the fruitcake and the ice cream, spread the mixture into the loaf pan, and fold the plastic-wrap overhang over the top. Freeze the ice-cream mixture for at least 8 hours or overnight. Unmold the terrine onto a serving dish and serve it sliced.
8 ripe peaches (about 3 pounds), preferably freestone, peeled, cut into 1/2" wedges 1 750-milliliter bottle Lillet 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil	Toss peaches, Lillet, and basil in a large bowl. Cover and chill at least 2 hours. DO AHEAD: Peaches can be marinated 1 day ahead. Cover and chill.
1 8-ounce container crème fraîche* 1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise	Spoon crème fraîche into small bowl; scrape in seeds from vanilla bean and stir to blend. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.
2 pints fresh strawberries, or 24 ounces frozen unsweetened strawberries, thawed 1 1/4 cups Simple Sugar Syrup 2 tablespoons orange juice	Purée the strawberries with 1/4 cup of the Simple Sugar Syrup in a food processor until smooth. Stir in the remaining syrup and the orange juice; transfer to an ice-cream machine and freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Vegetable oil for greasing pan 2 lb rhubarb stalks, cut into 1-inch pieces 2/3 cup confectioners sugar	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 375°F. Lightly oil a large shallow baking pan with vegetable oil. Arrange rhubarb in 1 layer in pan and sift confectioners sugar evenly over top. Bake, stirring occasionally, until rhubarb is very tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer rhubarb to a food processor and purée until smooth. Force through a medium-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids, and cool completely.
1 1/2 to 2 pounds chocolate	1. Finely chop 1 1/2 to 2 pounds chocolate. Smaller amounts make it difficult to control the temperature changes. 2. Place two-thirds of the chocolate in a double boiler or metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water. Make sure the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water. Place a candy thermometer or digital thermometer in the chocolate and stir frequently with a rubber spatula. 3. Do not let the temperature of the chocolate exceed 120°F for dark chocolate or 105°F for milk or white chocolate. When the chocolate has fully melted, remove the bowl from heat. Wipe the bottom of the bowl to get rid of any condensation. 4. Stir in the remaining third of the chocolate a little at a time. Let it melt before adding more. 5. Let the chocolate cool to about 82°F. It it is warmer, keep stirring and let it cool some more. If it is cooler, begin reheating in the next step. 6. Once the chocolate is 82°F, place it back over simmering water. For dark chocolate, reheat to 88°F to 91°F. For milk and white chocolate, reheat to 85°F to 87°F. Remove the bowl from heat once you have reached the right temperature. 7. Spread a small spoonful of chocolate on a piece of wax paper. If it looks dull or streaky, re-temper the chocolate, starting with step 2. If it dries quickly with a glossy finish and no streaks, the chocolate is in temper.
1 1/4 cups frozen unsweetened blackberries (about 5 ounces), thawed 4 tablespoons crème de cassis (preferably imported) 1 750-ml bottle chilled champagne or other sparkling wine	Puree berries in processor. Press puree through sieve into small bowl; discard seeds. Spoon 1 tablespoon berry puree and 1 tablespoon crème de cassis into each of 4 champagne flutes. Fill each flute with champagne and serve.
4 pounds plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise 6 garlic cloves, minced 5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil	Preheat oven to 200°F with racks in upper and lower thirds. Put tomatoes, cut side up, in 2 large 4-sided sheet pans. Combine garlic and oil and spoon over tomatoes. Season tomatoes with salt and pepper and roast in oven 6 to 8 hours (tomatoes will be greatly reduced in size but still moist). Cool.
3 pounds russet (baking) potatoes, scrubbed 1/3 cup milk 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted	In a kettle combine the potatoes with enough cold water to cover them by 2 inches, bring the water to a boil, and add salt to taste. Simmer the potatoes for 1 hour, or until they are tender, drain them, and return them to the kettle. Steam the potatoes, covered, shaking the kettle, for 30 seconds, or until they are dry. Peel the potatoes while they are still warm, force them through a ricer or a food mill fitted with the coarse disk into a bowl, and beat in the milk, scalded, the butter, and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer the potatoes to a heated serving dish.
1 pound green beans, trimmed 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 2 garlic cloves, minced	Preheat oven to 450°F. Toss green beans with olive oil on large rimmed baking sheet. Roast until browned and almost tender, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle beans with garlic, salt, and pepper; toss to combine. Continue roasting until beans are tender, about 2 minutes longer. Transfer to bowl.
1 large rosemary sprig, charred 1 750 ml bottle vodka (reserve bottle)	Char 1 large rosemary sprig in a dry skillet over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until blackened in spots and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Place in a 1-quart glass jar and pour in one 750 ml bottle vodka (reserve bottle). Let sit at room temperature 24 hours. Taste it—you should be able to detect the flavor; if not, let infuse longer. Strain into reserved bottle and freeze at least 4 hours before serving.
2 1-pint baskets strawberries, hulled, sliced 6 tablespoons sugar	Toss strawberries and sugar in medium bowl to blend. Let stand at room temperature until juices form, tossing occasionally, about 2 hours.
6 ounces champagne 1/2 ounce crème de cassis Lemon twist	Pour the champagne and cassis into a champagne flute. Stir. Garnish with lemon twist.
3/4 cup heavy cream 1 cup frozen spinach (2/3 of a 10-ounce package), thawed, chopped, and drained well or spun dry in salad spinner 1/2 cup sour cream, at room temperature	In wide, deep, heavy-bottomed saucepan over moderate heat, bring cream to simmer. Cook, uncovered and without stirring, until thickened enough to coat back of wooden spoon, about 5 minutes. Stir in spinach and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Transfer to bowl and cool slightly. Stir in sour cream and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Serve warm.
2 cups thinly sliced shallots (about 4 large shallots) 2 cups canola oil	1. In a small saucepan, heat the oil over medium-high until it registers 275°F on a deep-fry thermometer. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, until light golden brown, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the shallots to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. 2. Increase the heat to high and place a fine-mesh sieve over a heatproof bowl. When the oil registers 350°F on the deep-fry thermometer, add the once fried shallots and cook just until they are crispy and well-browned, about 1-2 seconds, watching carefully so the shallots don't burn. 3. Immediately pour the oil and shallots through the sieve to stop the cooking, then transfer to shallots to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Reserve the oil for another use. The shallots will keep, stored in an airtight container, for 1 day, but they're best the day they are made.
10 ounces dried or semidried (slightly flexible, shelf-stable) udon noodles	In large stockpot, bring 4 gallons water to rolling boil. (Note: Even small quantities of noodles need to be cooked a lot of water.) Add noodles and begin timing after water has returned to boil. If cooking semidried udon, boil 8 to 9 minutes before testing; if cooking dried, boil 10 to 12 minutes. Test by plucking a noodle from pot, plunging it into cold water, then biting. Noodle should be tender with no hard core; outer surface should be slippery but not overly soft. (This condition is what the Japanese refer to as koshi, or "substance," just as the Italians enjoy their pasta al dente.) If necessary, cook for another minute and check again. If you will be serving noodles hot, scoop them up into a strainer and lift from pot to drain. (Do not pour off cooking liquid; boiling water in pot can be used both to re-heat noodles, and to warm bowls in which they will be served.) If you will be serving noodles cold, drain them. Whether serving noodles hot or cold, rinse them well under cold running water to remove surface starch that would otherwise make them gummy. Then drain. Set noodles aside until ready to eat — they can be held for up to several hours (refrigerate if holding for more than 20 minutes). When ready to use, rinse noodles in boiling hot water if serving them in hot soup, or cold water if serving chilled as a salad. Other dried wheat noodles similar to udon include flat kishimen or thinner hiyamugi. Boil these dried noodles for 5 to 6 minutes before checking for doneness.
1 cup water 1 cup sugar 1/2 cup passion fruit pulp (from about 7 ripe passion fruits)	Combine all ingredients in heavy small saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to low; simmer until syrup is reduced to 1 1/2 cups, about 15 minutes. Transfer to bowl, cover, and chill. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.)
10 black tea bags	Combine 10 black tea bags and 8 cups cold water in a large pitcher. Cover; chill at least 4 hours. Discard tea bags. Serve over ice with lemon slices.
1 1/2 sticks (12 tablespoons) unsalted butter 1/2 cup sriracha (Asian chile sauce) or hot pepper sauce such as Frank's Red Hot sauce 1/4 cup white-wine vinegar	Heat butter, sriracha, vinegar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until butter is melted.
4 pounds vine-ripened red tomatoes (about 10 medium) 1 1/2 tablespoons coarse salt two 18-inch-square pieces cheesecloth	Rinse tomatoes well under running water and quarter. In a food processor purée tomatoes with salt until smooth. Line a large sieve set over a tall nonreactive kettle with cheesecloth and carefully pour tomato purée into center of cheesecloth. Gather sides of cheesecloth up over purée to form a large sack and, without squeezing purée, gently gather together upper thirds of cheesecloth to form a neck. Carefully tie neck securely with kitchen string. Tie sack to a wooden spoon longer than diameter of kettle and remove sieve. Put spoon across top of kettle, suspending sack inside kettle and leaving enough room underneath sack so that it will not sit in tomato water that accumulates. Let sack hang in refrigerator at least 8 hours. Without squeezing sack, discard it and its contents and transfer tomato water to a bowl. Tomato water keeps, covered and chilled, 4 days.
Five 5X4-inch slices pumpernickel bread Whole-berry cranberry sauce (about 1 cup total; preferably homemade)	Toast bread. Cut each slice into 4 squares. Spread squares with cranberry sauce. Serve croutons with smoked turkey and bacon howder .
One 13.5-oz can full-fat coconut milk 3 tablespoons confectioners' sugar 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract	Store the can of coconut milk upside down in the refrigerator overnight. The next morning, turn the can right-side up and open it. Drain the liquid into a separate container and discard. Place the coconut milk solids in a large bowl and add the confectioners' sugar and vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until the mixture resembles whipped cream, about 1 minute. Use immediately in place of whipped cream as a frosting or as an accompaniment.
	Lay the nopal paddle on a flat surface. With a sharp knife, trim the base of the paddle. Trim around the outside edge of the paddle with the tip of the knife. Carefully slice the thorny nods from the trimmed nopal paddle. Clean nopal cactus paddle in water. Cut the cleaned cactus paddle into 1/2-inch slices, widthwise, or diagonally across the paddle.
3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted 8 russet (baking) potatoes (4 lb total; preferably organic), scrubbed 16 fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 450°F. Pour butter into a large shallow baking pan (1 inch deep) and tilt to coat bottom. Working with 1 potato at a time, halve potatoes lengthwise, then put a parsley leaf on cut side of each potato half and season with salt. Put potatoes, cut sides down, in baking pan and roast (do not turn over) until undersides are golden and potatoes are tender, 45 minutes.
3 1/2 cups udon flour (see Tips, below) or other high-gluten white wheat flour 1 tablespoon salt, dissolved in 3/4 cups warm water	To make the noodles: Mix the dough by placing 3 cups of flour in a bowl and pouring in half the saltwater in a steady, slow stream. Gently stir to mix. Gradually drizzle in more of the salted water, stirring until the dough forms a slightly crumbly mass. Exert a bit of pressure to form the dough into a ball and place it in a closed plastic bag to rest for about 30 minutes at room temperature, or refrigerate it for several hours or overnight. Sandwich the rested noodle dough between layers of heavy-duty plastic (a 6-foot plastic, oilcloth, or vinyl tablecloth, folded in half, works well). Place the plastic-enclosed dough on the floor, and stand barefoot on top of it. Press down with both feet — the whole surface of your feet, not just the heels — and gradually turn in a circular fashion, using small, stomping steps. As your body weight is applied, the dough will flatten out and stretch. Stop occasionally to remove and fold the dough with your hands, then sandwich it again between the layers of plastic cloth and repeat your foot-pressing activity. If necessary to prevent the dough from sticking to the plastic, sprinkle it with additional flour. After 4 or 5 minutes, when the dough feels elastic and has acquired a satiny sheen, do a final round of stomping to flatten it into a 1/4 inch-thick, more-or-less, oval shape. Transfer the dough to a large, lightly floured board. Alternating vertical and horizontal strokes, use a lightly floured rolling pin to stretch the dough into a large oval, about 1/8-inch thick, 1 foot wide, and about 1 1/2 feet long. If necessary, divide the dough in half and make two smaller ovals. Sprinkle the rolled-out dough liberally with flour, and fold it back on itself 4 or 5 times (like folding a paper fan, but do not crease or press the folded dough). Use a long, sharp knife to cut the dough into 1/4-inch-thick ribbons that are 1 1/2 feet long. Lightly dust the noodles with flour before lifting them from the board.
1 12-ounce bottle pale lager 5 pounds hard-shell clams (such as littlenecks), scrubbed Lemon halves (for serving)	Bring beer to a boil in a large heavy pot. Add clams. Cover pot, reduce heat to medium, and steam clams until they open, 6–8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer clams to a large bowl or platter (discard any that do not open). Serve with lemon halves.
1/4 cup Irish whiskey 1 1/2 tablespoons sweet vermouth 1 maraschino cherry, for garnish	Fill a lowball glass with ice. Add whiskey and sweet vermouth; stir. Garnish with maraschino cherry.
5 pounds mozzarella curd, crumbled 1 gallon boiling water 1/2 gallon ice water	Place mozzarella curd in a large bowl. Pour boiling water over curd, gently folding it into itself as it begins to melt. Using a wooden spoon, stir the mixture until the curd begins to pull (you should have a stringlike effect). Work quickly with the curd to achieve a consistent silken texture. When curd comes together in a single mass, soak hands in ice water to chill for about ten seconds. When hands are cold, reach into salted hot water bath and lift curd from bowl. Return hands to ice bath as needed, as the cheese will be hot when handling. Knead cheese for a few seconds until smooth. Take the cheese in your hands and begin to fold it under itself, creating the desired size and shape. Place fresh mozzarella in a bowl of cool water; continue this process until all the fresh mozzarella is formed. Cheese may also be stored in cold water in the refrigerator for later use.
2 ounces brandy 1/2 ounce Cointreau or Triple Sec 1 teaspoon anisette	In a shaker half-filled with ice cubes, combine the ingredients. Shake well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
1 1/2 lb strawberries, halved (4 1/2 cups) 3/4 cup sugar 17- by 12-inch nonstick bakeware liner such as a Silpat; a large offset spatula	Purée strawberries with sugar in a blender until smooth, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a large heavy saucepan. Bring purée to a boil, then simmer over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally (more frequently toward end), until thick enough to mound slightly and reduced to 1 to 11/4 cups, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Preheat oven to 200°F with rack in middle. Line a large baking sheet with nonstick liner. Pour hot purée onto liner and spread thinly (as evenly as possible) into a 15- by 10-inch rectangle using spatula. Dry purée in oven until it feels drier (it shouldn't stick to your fingers) but is still slightly tacky, 2 to 3 hours. Cool on liner on a rack until completely dry, at least 3 hours and up to 24. Place a sheet of parchment paper over leather, then peel leather off liner and roll up in parchment.
In bowls, put out diced pineapple, mango, watermelon, kiwi, lemon, lime, orange, and grapefruit; raspberries, blueberries, and diced strawberries; mint and basil. Arrange spiced syrups (Citrus Spice Syrup, <epi:recipelink id="234832">Ginger Spice Syrup</epi:recipelink> ), sparkling water, crushed ice, measuring spoons, muddlers, vodka, gin, rum, and tequila on the table.	The Technique 1. Place 2 tablespoons diced fruit, 1 tablespoon citrus fruit, and some herb leaves in a glass. 2. Crush with a spoon or muddler. 3. Add 2 tablespoons syrup, or to taste. 4. Fill glass with crushed ice. 5. Mix in spirits. 6. Top with sparkling water or club soda.
1 (8-ounce) bag kettle-cooked potato chips 1 1/2 ounces Pecorino, finely grated (about 1 1/2 cups) 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper	Preheat oven to 425°F. Arrange potato chips in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle half of cheese evenly over chips. Bake until cheese is melted and chips are just starting to brown around the edges, about 4 minutes. Remove from oven and immediately top with remaining cheese and pepper. Let cool, then transfer to a serving bowl.
1/4 cup lightly toasted sweetened flaked coconut 3 tablespoons Kahlúa or other coffee-flavored liqueur 3/4 pint premium vanilla ice cream, softened slightly	Put 3 layers each coconut, liqueur, and ice cream in each of 2 wineglasses or parfait glasses, reserving about 1 tablespoon coconut and 2 teaspoons liqueur. Top parfaits with reserved coconut and liqueur and freeze, covered, 20 minutes.
6 cups heavy cream, preferably organic 1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt Special equipment: 5-quart stand mixer (or larger)	Transfer cream to bowl of 5-quart electric stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment. Tightly cover top of bowl and mixer with plastic wrap. Beat cream at moderately high speed until it holds soft peaks, 10 to 12 minutes. Increase speed to high and beat until mixture separates into thick, pale-yellow butter and thin, liquid buttermilk, about 5 minutes more. Strain mixture through colander into large bowl. Using hands, vigorously knead butter in colander, squeezing out remaining buttermilk, until dense and creamy, about 5 minutes. Transfer butter to large bowl, reserving buttermilk. Using hands, knead salt into butter. Roll into logs and wrap in plastic wrap or transfer to airtight container and refrigerate. (Butter will keep up to 1 week refrigerated or 1 month frozen.) Strain buttermilk through fine-mesh sieve, then cover and refrigerate up to 1 week.
3/4 stick (6 tablespoons) unsalted butter, melted 12 small russet (baking) potatoes (about 4 pounds) 24 fresh flat-leafed parsley leaves, washed and spun dry	Preheat oven to 450°F. Pour butter into 1 large or 2 small shallot baking pans and tilt to coat. Put potatoes, 1 at a time, on a work surface and halve horizontally. Put a parsley leaf on cut side of each potato half and season potatoes with salt. Put potatoes, cut sides down, in melted butter. Sprinkle potatoes with salt to taste and roast, cut sides down, 35 minutes, or until golden. (Potatoes may be kept warm, covered with foil, about 15 minutes.)
4 cups green grapes (about 1 1/4 pounds; preferably seedless) 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice	In a blender, blend grapes and lemon juice until very smooth, about 1 minute. Pour mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Serve grape juice over ice in tall glasses.
2 bunches kale 2 mangoes, pitted 1 large Granny Smith apple, sliced	Juice all of the ingredients in a juicer. Store in an airtight glass container in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours.
1 cup sugar 1 pound apricots plus more for serving, pitted, sliced 3/4 cup sparkling wine plus more for serving	Bring sugar, 1 pound apricots, 3/4 cup sparkling wine, and 2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until apricots are very tender, 10-15 minutes. Let cool completely. Transfer apricot mixture to a blender and purée until smooth. Add water to apricot mixture so it measures 4 cups. Transfer mixture to a large shallow baking dish. Freeze until solid, at least 4 hours. To serve, scoop sorbet into coupe glasses or bowls and top with more apricot slices and some sparkling wine.
2 ounces brandy 1/2 ounce Cointreau or Triple Sec 1 teaspoon anisette	In a shaker half-filled with ice cubes, combine the ingredients. Shake well. Strain into a cocktail glass.
3 cups fresh grapefruit juice (from about 4 large grapefruits), strained and chilled 1 1/2 cups sugar 1/2 cup Campari, chilled	In a blender, combine the grapefruit juice and sugar, and blend until the sugar is dissolved. Add the Campari, pour the mixture into the container of an ice cream machine, and churn according to the manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze for at least 2 hours before serving.
1/2 cup cultured buttermilk 2 cups whole milk 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt	Here's how: In a mason jar, combine 1/2 cup cultured buttermilk (the supermarket stuff is okay here; it will act as a starter), 2 cups whole milk, and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Cover and let stand in a warm place until the buttermilk thickens and coats the sides of the jar when tipped, 24-36 hours. Keep chilled for up to 2 weeks.
16 very thin slices Black Forest ham (8 oz)	Sauté ham in batches without crowding in a large nonstick skillet over moderately high heat, turning once, until lightly browned and curled, about 1 minute total.
